So the past week has been the usual 9-6 working, so sadly not much time for travelling during the week. This weekend was our first proper weekend where we actually headed away from the towns and cities and headed west to somewhere where there was just pure natural beauty. 
9.30am Saturday morning, we went and collected our hire car, which was pretty reasonable for both of us and the best mode of transport to get to where we were heading! Our first route was to head to KiteKite national reserve where it is homed to a stunning waterfall - as per google images!! Sadly once we arrived the park has been closed due to a toxic algae which has affet the reserves, and as New Zealand is so careful regarding its nature, we were unfortunately unable to visit the waterfall, therefore we headed on to Piha beach, where we walked along the beach which was actually black sand!! We walked along the beach before coming up close to a rock jsut off the shoreline called Lions Rock, today was actually pretty windy so was very much a cool walk along the coast! When we got alot clsoer to Lions Rock, we noticed there was a river which ran straight into the ocean from the land, so we needed to find a way to get across the water, luckiyl there was some rocks high enough that we would not get our feet wet so we decided to head over to rocks and go explore lions rock. Once over by the rocks we had to negotiate a few large rocks tog et round the side of the rocks to be able to climb higher! Once round the side there was a very steep set of stesp which lead to an incredible viewing point looking over Piha bay, and partly over the sea. The views were incredible and worth the steep climb up the steps for sure! 
Once we have taken in the incredible views from Piha bay, we headed back to the car, which was an entertaining trip back, as we walked back over the rocks from the river into the sea, but as we walked around the tide came in, and we got soaked fromt he knee down!! Not an enjoyable moment!! Once back to the car with wet and sandy feet, we headed to Kerekere national park, with the hope the pathways would not be clsoed. Luckily the pathways were open so we managed to see a beautifulw aterful, which has noone around whilst we were there, so it was beautiful. Once we had admired the stunning waterfall we headed towarded to beach at KereKere beach, which again was black sand! ONce we had locked around the marshlands we headed on to Bethells beach, which we briefly visited as the sea air had got to us and made us very sleepy!! The beach itself seemed a very popular destination so surfers, and there sure was some great waves! We actually have the car until Sunday morning, so we are probably not going to use it that much now until then, as we would rather walk around the area. Saturday evening, we decided to go watch a film at the clsoeby Lynn Mall, so we booked tickets to go see the Night School film. Sunday will be a day of getting prepared for the week, with a food shop and washing so sadly nothing over exciting. We have a few awesome places we are heading to over the next few weeks so watch this space!! 
P.S sorry for the slow update on the blog but as we are working during the week and only out at weeekends, its ebst to post roughly every second week of the month, once we are not working over the Christmas period hopefully it will be more frequent! For now noho iho rā (means goodbye in Maori!)
