After a lovely 9 hour flight we are finally here in Auckland!! Sadly when we arrrived it was 10pm, so everything was a bit dark! But we are so excited to finally be here in New Zealand where the real adventure beings! And we dont have to catch a flight every week! Luckily because we had booked a 7 week start up pack with STA travel we had a bus booked to get us from the airport to our hostel, which was a 45 minute bus ride-at this point we were definitely ready for some sleep! Once we arrived at the Hostel - which was by far the best hostel we have stayed in to date, we got some rest ready to go explore Auckland on Monday. So Monday started with a Orientation Meeting - IEP office, which was where we would have guidance with our New Zealand Bank account and getting a job - which for Nikki was quite important! The Orientation took about 3 hours and during that time so much was provided and made our start to Auckland a very smooth ride, with people able to give the guidance to get set up, regarding jobs, CVs and bookings for various places around New Zealand. Once we had left the Meeting we decided to go get ourselves some lunch before heading back to the IEP office, as the hostel we were staying at unfortunately had no internet, so we used the time to be able to get on the Wifi as much as possible, so Nikki could apply for jobs. 

By Tuesday Nikki had heard from an agency so was going to an interview on Wednesday, regarding some potential jobs, so the next few days was a variety of looking around Auckland, and seeing what was around the City. Whilst in the IEP office on Monday we made the decision to go Whale/ Dolphin Watching on Friday, which was great, sadly no whales but many Dolphins, which was great to see.  On tuesday we were moving onto an apartment just a short 10 minute walk from the main street of Auckland. Once in the apartment, we were able to head to the shops to do a shop,as Nikki had heard she was starting a job on Monday 24th as a Concierge at a Bank called ASB, so exciting times ahead. On saturday we headed to the Ferry Port where we got a Ferry to Rangitoto Island, where we walked round the island, climbing the Volcano of 850ft, and walking through the lava tunnels. Once at the top of the summit the views of Auckland and all the surrounding islands, were incredible. On sunday we then made another move to a new apartment again just 10 minutes more south of Auckland centre, where we will be here until Monday the 1st October.

So the first week of Nikki working at the ASB bank, has been like being in a routine, as if we were back in England, so not much exploring is able to be done until the weekends. Nikki luckily got to finish early on Friday so we made the effort of walking by the ferry port, where there was a boat show on and head towards town to grab some dinner. Saturday came around and we caught a ferry to Devonport just a short 15 minute ferry, once on Devonport, there was a small 87m mountain known as Mount Victoria, which we climbed and was able to see a much closer view of the City. Once we had walked the mountain we headed back down to the town of Devonport where we grabbed a small bag on Chips before catching the next ferry back the Auckland. Once in Auckland we headed back towards to apartment, swinging by two Vegan food shops for lunch and dinner. Sunday soon came around, although a much needed lie in was required, once up we made the lengthy 40 minute walk to Grey Lynn Park, whereas the name suggests, there was a Park, with a lake in it, so we headed there for a lovely walk round the lake, in the much improved weather. So Monday is a fun day as we actually move to New Lynn, which is just out of the City, which will mean a slightly longer commute to work for Nikki, but a more quieter spot to stay for the next Month, here we are closer to more lakes, and we will take the chance to hire a car and possible travel slightly further afield to go explore nex areas of New Zealand. so next time we update we shall be in New Lynn settling in to our lovely home for the next month. 
