After a couple of early starts, Matt and I had an early start as we were heading to Auckland airport, to go pick up Matts family for them to join us for the next 2 weeks! We finally all metupmake up by 7am, and after finally meeting we all caught a shuttle bus to our car rental place, which was a few minutes away from the terminal once there we waited for about 15 minutes and then we were soon on the road back to Birkenhead, where we all were staying for the next 3 nights. After getting all the bags in and everyone having showers after travelling for two days solid. After everyone felt a little more human and clean, we headed to the shops to grab a few bits of food for the next few days before we all had a quiet afternoon, on the deck in the sunshine! 

Tuesday was another sunny day and today we all headed out at about 10am to Auckland. We drove in and managed to find parking near the viaduct, which was a short walk from the Sky tower and water front. We started the day off by visiting the Sky tower, which was great, as the views were incredible! Matt and I had not visited the sky tower, until now. After spending a couple of hours up the sly tower we headed to the waterfront, where we headed to holey moley to go play a bit of crazy golf, which was great fun, sadly Nikki did not win but Matt won overall! After crazy golf we were all incredibly hungry so we headed to get some food at Elliotts Stables, which was a upmarket food court, with many choices, although we came quite late so some resturants were closing for the afternoon before evening service. Once we all had eaten we headed to Queenstreet to have a look at some of the shops especially the souvernior shops! After a lot of walking about we got back to the car and headed back home, where we had a quiet afternoon and then an early night, as everyone was still pretty tired from their flights! 

Wednesday was an early start as today we are heading to Waiheke island, via a car ferry from Half moon bay, which is a 45 minute journey from the house. Here the ferry to Waiheke was a short 1 hour journey. Once we arrived in Waiheke we started our day with a drive round the eastern part of the island, where we stopped and viewed Man'O'War bay, which was very beautiful bay, once we had a little paddle in the bay, we continued on and drove to Ecozip which was where we had booked to go on a zipline over the many vineyards. There were 3 zip lines, in total which varied in height and length! I must say im not a fan of heights but i certainly overcame them on the zip line! The views were amazing! After a great few zips we had a guided tour through the forests back to the eco zip centre, where we purchased a couple of photos, which were amazingly cheap but such good quality! After the thrill of the zip-lines we were all ready for lunch so we grabbed lunch at the ecozip, and then made our way to Cable bay winery, where we had a wine tasting, which was lovely, to try some fo the local wines. After a few wines we headed to Mudbrick winery which was another winery, but we just went for a glass of wine here, before making our way back to the ferry terminal ready for our 6pm ferry back to the city, unfortunately because the clocks went back recently, the nights are drawing in, as we are in autumn here, so as we were heading back to the city it was getting dark! Once back on dry land we headed back to the house and had some dinner before another nights rest, before we head on to Rotorua.
