Since our previous write up we have had a few trips at the weekends and since the 1st November we have now moved into a new accomadation where we are based here for the next two weeks, its a great location clsoer to the city, but shared accomadation is not our thing! Luckily this is the last booked accomadation which is shared, from the new year onwards we will most defintely be looking at entire places to ourselves!

As usual the weekdays have just been the busy working week earning those pennies for our travels. The weekend of the 20th OCtober was spent heading to the City of Auckland from New Lynn where we are staying currently, to go play minigolf at HoleyMoley golf course by the Auckland Viaduct Basin, so right by the beautiful harbour, where the most amazing yachts can be seen, the round of golf was not the usual type as it was inside this building, which was also a bar, there were 3 courses, we chose to do 2 of those, once we started playing the course we were faces with chess boards, ship wreck scenes, but on unusual textures making the golf side of it alot harder to hit the ball, but was a very fun game! AS usual Matt won the game, although it was a very clsoer score! Once we finished golf we headed for a bite to eat before making our way back the New Lynn, after doing a usual food shop for the week. We also headed to the nearby cinema to watch Venom a recent marvel film, as over here we seem to be lucky that this particular cinema has cheap tickets so nice to be able to watch a few films whilst we are over here!

The weekend of the 27th was a pretty exciting one as it was a weekend which we would spend a night away. We had made the decision to book a car and take the 2 hour trip down to Hamilton, where we headed to go explore the Glow worms and Bridal Veil falls. So are weekend began 9.30am on saturday to pick up our car for the weekend, once we had the car we made our way down to Raglan, where the Falls are situated, once parked up we made the short 10 minute walk through the woods to the first of 3 platforms of the falls, the first was at the top of the falls looking down, what a spectacular view this was! Once we had taken in the breath taking falls we headed down to tehe very bottom of the falls, where the view was incredible! The waterfalls round here are so great, so untouched and special! AFter we had finished taking in the falls we made the tiring climb back to the top of the falls and back to the car, and make the 40 minute journey to Hamilton where we had a studio apart booked at a Motel, once we got checked into the Motel, we make the walk to a nearby resturant for food. Once we had our food we decided to call it a night as the journey made us tired. Sunday was a wet start to the day, but luckily by the time we made the 1 hour journey to the Waitomo caves the day had brightened up. Once we arrived at the glow worm caves, we got our tickets and began the day in the 1st of 3 cave experiences we had brought. So within 15 minutes we were making our way through the dark caves, and once in we saw millions of little glow worms all over the roof of the caves! Sadly photos were not allowed! But it looked so magical! Once we had finished the tour in the glow worm caves we decided to try change our timings for our next two caves due to wanting to make sure we would get back to the city in good time. Luckily the team at the Waitomo caves, were great and were happy to assist us, we then headed off for our next tour which meant a short 5 minute drive to the next two caves Ruakuri cave and Aranui cave, both of which had great limestone formations, but sadly didnt come close to the caves we saw when in mexico! Once we had visited both caves we made our way back to the car and made the 2hour 30 minute journey back to New LYnn, luckily we had the car until Monday morning at 9am so Nikki was able to drop the car on the way to work! 

Another week has past and the past week has been entertaining as we have had to move twice, due to a booking error, so we left our New Lynn house on the 31st October and spent a night in queen street in the city centre at Base Hostel where we stayed for our very first time when we arrived back in September! On the 1st November we then moved again to Grafton which is just a few miles out of the city to a shared apaartment where we are based for the next 2 weeks. 

Hope everyone has had a lovely Guy Fawkes and Halloween! 
