After a busy couple of days in Auckland seeing the Artic Monkeys and then back to Christchurch, we collected our large backpacks from Jabyn and headed to our accomadtion for 2 nights, so Nikki's friend Ivona can see a small part of Christchurch before headed further south. We landed from Auckland at 3pm on Thursday afternoon, and had a hire car to pick up for 3.30pm before heading back to the airport to pick up Ivona for 5pm. Once we collected Ivona we headed back to the apartment, where we grabbed pizza and spent the evening in, as we were all tired. 

Friday we did a food shop, before heading to Hanmer Springs which was a long 1 1/2 hour journey, and unfortunately the weather was not really on our side, but we still headed to the springs where we were outside in 40C hot pools which was lovely and also an experience!

Saturday we headed to Dunedin which was where we were staying for the next 4 nights. The journey was a long 4 1/2 hour journey, but we broke the journey up which a break in Timaru, and grabbed some lunch at Burgerfuel before continuing on. We arrived at our house for the next few days by 4.30pm, once we arrived we dropped our stuff in the house before heading back out to the shops for the next few days worth of food. After the food shop we had a look at the 1 block over St Clair beach which was lovely to be within a 5 minute walk away. 

Sunday Matt stayed in to keep on top of work, therefore just leaving Ivona and I to head out, we headed to Aramoana, which is a small coastal town, we headed to boardwalk by the beach, whilst taking a walk along the boardwalk we spotted around 1o seals which was great to see even on a very windy day, like it was on Sunday. After taking a walk we headed to the Keyhole Rock on the beach, which we walked a good stretch of the beach as we were keeping an eye out for the Yellow-eyed penguins but some locals advised they would be seen at another bay which we would look at later in the week. When we walked back from the keyhole rock we noticed a sea lion bathing itself in sand which was great to see! After feeling a little windswept we headed on to Moeraki Boulders, which was a long 1hour journey, but was great to see them, even if it was very busy! After walking around the boulders we headed back to the car and stopped off by Katiki beach, which we spotted on the way to Dunedin on Saturday. After a quick stop at Katiki beach we took a spontaneous stop off at Shag point, where we saw many more seals and some great rock formations. After visiting Shag point, we made our way to Nicols falls which was a 40 minute journey, once there we made our way to the falls, mainly following our nose as the signs were not the best! Once we finally got to the falls it was well worth it as it looked great. We then headed back to the car and headed home after a long 9-5 day out! Its a shame Matt didnt get to see the seals and sealions but hopefully we can see some more when he comes out with us!

Monday soon came around and this morning Ivona and I headed to the beach in the morning to see the sunrise, which although there was a few clouds in the way we still managed to get a couple of nice photos. After seeing the sunrise we headed back to the house before getting ready to go to Tunnel beach. 
