Wednesday has now come upon us and yet again we are off on the move again. Today we finish the Northland trip, which has been lovely, and make our way to the Coromandel Peninsula. We left Parakai where we were staying at the Geothermal Hotel, and made the lengthy 1hour 20 minute journey to Hunua Falls, which was just south of Auckland City. After the long drive we made our way to the Hunua Falls reserve where we parked up and looked at the wonderful 30 metre high falls. Once we admired the falls we made the decision to head for a walk round the reserve, we choose to head to the Cosseys Dam, which was a very long uphill walk, and after the mistake of not taking the water bottle, once we reached the Dam which was a good 45 minute uphill walk, we were very thirsty.  We took in the views at the Dam before making our way back to the car, as we were pretty much gasping for a drink! Once back at the car we made the 1 hour journey to Thames which is just into the Coromandel Peninsula. We popped to the shops before making our way to the Coastal Motor Lodge where we are staying for the night before heading up to the Coromandel.

After a lovely evening in the Coastal Lodge, we got up and packed up before making our way to the Coromandel Peninsula. After a very scenic drive by all the bays we made our way to New Chums beach, which was very pretty as soon as we got close. We actually first walked by Whanapoua Beach, and then made our way to the New Chum walkway which consisted of walking over rocks and a wooded walkway, which was lovely especially as it was very warm today! Once we arrived at the New Chum beach, we were very happy as it was a beautiful white sand with a lovely blue sea, with rather wild waves! It was so lovely to see one of the top 10 beaches in New Zealand. After having a lovely walk on the beach, we then made our way back to the car before making our way to the next accomadation for the night which is just in Coromandel at the Little farm, which was a lovely little cottage and has everything we require. Friday is going to be a busy day fitting in lots of different places on the way round the rest of the coromandel.
