Sunday was here and after a busy few weeks with Ivona being with us, Matt and I now had a couple of long days driving from Cromwell to Harihari, and Harihari to Christchurch. We left Cromwell by 9am and got on the road, we have planned to stop off at Lake Matheson on our way to HariHari, the journey to the Lake was going to be 4 hours, whilst travelling, half way through our journey we spotted signs for Fantail Falls and Thunder Creek Falls, so we made a quick stop off to visit both falls which we were glad we did as both were beautiful! After a quick stop we finally got back on the road and were at Lake Matheson by 2pm, we had stopped at Thunder Creek falls for some lunch before moving onto the Lake. Once at the Lake we did the 2.6km loop which took us about 40 minutes to complete. Sadly the clouds were pretty low therefore covering the views of the mountains but it was still lovely to visit Lake Matheson. After Lake Matheson we made the final 1 hour 30 minute drive to HariHari hotel where we were staying for the night before continuing our journey Monday. We were both glad to see a bed, as it has been a long day, we got checked in and looked at the food menu but sadly there was little choice for us, luckily we had some salad and rolls and fruit to eat, so we had a cold dinner, but we were glad of a little food before an early night, I was even asleep by 8pm! 

After both having an early night, we were checked out the hotel by 9am, and back on the road, sadly the weather was pretty miserable, obviously the west coast sees lots more rain than most other areas! We were glad of the rain as our car was starting to look pretty dirty, especially being a white car! We started our journey and made our first stop of the day at West Coast Treetop walk, which was a 20 metre high walkway through the trees with views of Lake Mahinapua and the mountains faintly in the background, sadly the weather was pretty wet therefore the views were certainly not the best, but it was still great to see! After the treetop walk we headed back to the dry of the car and made our way to Hokitika Gorge, which was our next stop and here we also were caught out in the weather and therefore the gorge looked a bit cloudy, due to the large amount of rainfall, although the blue colour was still amazing on a rainy day! After a quick couple of photos we headed back to the car to warm up and onto Hotika where we stopped at a Supermarket for a few items for the next couple of days , and had some lunch and a refuel, before making our way to the Devil's Punchbowl, which was a short 40 minute drive, this walk was extremely uphill, but the rain made it look incredible! The length of the falls was amazing, and was well worth feeling cold and wet for! After a few photos we headed back to the car for the final 2 hour journey to Christchurch to our accommodation for the next couple of nights. Once in we both showered and order a pizza and had another early night. 

So we are back in Christchurch in a shared house which has 6 private ensuite doubles and a huge shared kitchen/dining area, we have not got much planned whilst here as Matt has work to do and I will catch up on the blog and reading and getting my bag ready as we fly tomorrow to Auckland, where we will now be until Matt's family joins us in a couple of weeks! This evening we are heading to Winnie Bagoes, for dinner with Jabyn our friend, who we will sadly be saying goodbye to for the last time. I do hope we manage to keep in touch as he has been a great guy to know, and it's lovely to think we have made a great friend whilst being away. So tomorrow we will be dropping our rental car back at Christchurch Airport and taking our flight to Auckland, where we will then have a 2 hour drive in our new rental car to Rotorua, where we are going to be for the next 6 nights, so it's going to be a long day! 

Matt and I were trying to decide so far which island we have prefered and both have decided it's hard to say which one exactly as we have had great memories on both, but it's clear to see the South Island is loved for its Mountain and Lakes and the north is more beachy, but if someone tried to say choose one I literally could not, every moment has been great and there is still a few more weeks to go! 
