Monday was a day of travelling from Invercargill to Cromwell, Central Otago, which is 45 minutes from Queenstown. The journey from Invercargill to Cromwell was 2hour 30 minutes. We left Invercargill by 10.00am and got to Cromwell by 1pm. Once in Cromwell, we stopped in town and grabbed lunch at a little Mexican resturant. After lunch we headed to our apartment for the next 5 nights which was in a 3 bed studio apartment within an industrial park. The place was huge but sadly the air con had not been put on so on a hot day like today it was incredibly warm! After getting moved in, Ivona and Nikki headed out for a little walk and to grab a small food shop for the week. Once in we headed to bed before a fun week in Central Otago.

Tuesday we headed out at 10am to Queenstown, where we decided to head to the Skyline park, where we took a ride up the Gondula, and once at the top look a ride on a downhill luge! It was great fun, and brought out our inner child! After the luge we took in the great views, we headed back down the Gondula before grabbing something for lunch, we were going to head to the wellknown Fergburger, but the line was ridicously long, therefore we found a lovely little Italian resturant near the lake, which we stopped at for lunch. Once lunch was eaten, we headed for a walk round the town and headed to a souvenir shop to grab a few souvenirs. After a little shopping was done, we headed to the Kiwi Birdlife, which was a sanctuary for kiwis and many new zealand birds and reptiles, whilst there we got to see a Kiwi feeding session and see the Kiwi, which was great to see, as its rare to see them in the wild due to being a nocternal animal. After the visit to the Kiwi Birdlife sanctuary we headed back to the car before making our way home. Before an early night as Wednesday was going to be a long day.

Today we headed to Mount Cook National park, which was a 2hour 30 minute drive away. We left at 8.30am, to make a full day as the Hooker Valley walk we would be doing was a 3 hour return walk, therefore we needed to allow enough time for the walk and the further stops. On the way the weather was worrying us all as we drove through thick fog, and we all had dressed for a hot day, so we were praying for warm weather and luckily the closer we came to Mount Cook National park the warmer it became. Once at the Hooker Valley track, we parked up before preparing ourselves for the 3 hour return walk, which took us by the Mount Cook peaks, which was covered in snow and glaciers. On the track there were 3 swing brings which crossed the valley floor. Once we crossed the third swing bring we followed the track, until it lead us to Hooker Lake, which was great as there was fallen icebergs in the lake! The water was freezing and on a very hot it was quite a treat! After a short stop and lunch by the lake, we made our way back to the car, and by the time we were back at the car, we could of given a cherry tomatoe a run for its money! Although we got very burnt the scenery was incredible and was well worth the long trip! After feeling a bit burnt, we headed to NZ Alphine Lavendar farm which was a short 15 minute journey from Hooker Valley, there were just 10 hectares of lavendar which was incredible to see, but sadly last month was when the lavender was harvested therefore it was a sea of green rather than purple! (The photo I have is actually a photo!) Once a short visit at the lavendar farm, we headed to Lake Tekapo which was a 45 minute journey, once at Lake Tekapo, we went to view the beautiful Lake Tekapo, and again sadly because its autumn the pretty flowers were not fully out in flower but it was still veyr pretty. After Lake Tekapo we made a quick stop off at Lake Pukaki viewing point, where Mount Cook was in view over the lake. After a quick stop we made the long 2hour 30 minute drive home, we finally got home by 7pm, so a very long day for all of us. 

Thursday Ivona and I headed out to Queenstown Hill, where we walked the Queentown time trial, which was great and the views of Queenstown were incredible. The steep 500m climb was well worth it! After taking in the views and catching our breath at the top, we headed back down to the car and made our way to the outskirts of Queenstown where we stopped for lunch, before heading to Gibbston Valley Winery where we had a 3pm wine tour, through the Wine Cave, where we got to try some Riesling, Pinot Gris and Rosé, my favourite was definetly the Pinot Gris and the Rose, although the Riesling was definitely great too! If I wasnt driving I would of happily had a few extra glasses in the sun! After a lovely winery tasting, we headed home via a quick stop at Roaring Meg, which is part of a hydro electricity power station. 
