Sunday was a lovely early start to catch an Uber to get across to the airport for our flight at 9am. The flight was a nice 5 hourr journey. Once we arrived at Honolulu airport, we caught an uber to the town of Waikiki, where we have a room in a ladies aprtment booked for the 6 nights. Unfortuneately because getting off the plane was so quick as we didnt need to go through customs - as we are still in the united states, we were too early to go to the apartment as checkin is from 2pm, and we were in the uber by 12.00pm so we decided to go grab some lunch before getting checked in. As soon as we left the airport, the tempreature difference hit us as the temperature here was a hot 30C, and with our backpacks we were pretty warm. Once we were sorted at the apartment, we decided to head for a little walk to go see the beach, and what was near by. We then decided to have an early night as we were pretty tired from the flying.
Monday was upon us and we decided to look at booking a couple of tours whilst in Hawaii, unfortuneately a visit to one fot he other islands was way out of budget, at about £500 each! So we booked a couple of tours for tuesday and thursday. Today we spent walking from the apartment to Ala Moana shopping centre 2km away where we had a look around the shops and headed from here to lunch at Simply Joy a vegan Asian inspired menu, with so much choice! After having lots of food we headed onto Wholefoods to buy a few essentials for our stay at the apartment and for our tours over the next few days. Sadly those alarm clocks were set again as it was an early start for us, our tour guide from Ohau Nature Tours was picking us up from a hotel round the corner from where we were staying at 7.30am for a tour a of the Ultimate Circle Tour of Honolulu.
On the way to the meeting point for the tour we made a few pit stops for breakfast, at McDonalds and to Starbucks for tea. Once at the stop, we were shortly met by our tour guide Monique, who was very welcoming! Once on the bus our tour began and we were given a guide of Ohoua. Our first stop was near the world-famous icon of Hawaii, Diamond Head Crater, where we stopped at the Amelia Earheart monument which overlooks the Pacific Ocean. We then continue on and travelled along Oahu’s spectacular southeast coastline where we arrived at the famous Halona Blowhole and “From Here to Eternity” beach where Green Sea Turtles can often be spotted, but sadly not for us and the weathy was pretty rubbish, going from beautiful blue sundhine to torrential downpours! Our next stop was the Makapu’u Lookout where we saw the island’s most recent lava flows, and enjoy incredible panoramic views of offshore islands, turquoise and azure ocean water and breathtaking lava cliffs above. We continued to the world-renowned Pali Lookout, that Mark Twain called the most beautiful views on  the planet. Driving north we arrived at the Valley of the Temples and visit the colorful Byodo-in temple, which was incredible, here we saw wild peacocks and hundred of koi carp with a large reflecting pond, meditation niches, and small waterfalls. We then continued on the relaxing windward coast where we also visited the scenic Chinaman’s Hat, a picturesque islet located in the warm, tropical waters of Kaneohe Bay. On the road again we headed North to Kahuku, where we visited a shrimp farm and one of the locals’ favorite shrimp trucks, where we were served Lunch. After lunch we set on to the 
World famous Sunset Beach. This is the legendary big-wave surfing location where towering, giant waves arrive between November-April. Next we visited Waimea Valley and Waterfall. This enchanting location showcases over 5,000 species of tropical flowering plants, ancient archaeological sites, and one of the most scenic waterfalls on the island.Our last stop was the historic Dole Plantation where  there was many colorful varieties of pineapple species from all over the world.Sadly there was no actual pineapple juice so a bit of a let down for us! Once back home which was about 5.30pm we made some food before heading to sleep. As we are uncertain or what we are doing on WEdnesday as there is the back end of a storm hitting the island. 
Wednesday we woke to high winds and lots of rain, seemed a pretty familiar sound as we are used to such sounds back in the UK! So today was one of those rainy days which is annoying as we want to be out exploring the island, but sadly we decided to mainly have a dry day indoors. We decided at lunch to head to the Shopping Village we visited on Monday, as we needed to return a top so we headed via Uber to the shopping centre, before taking the brave option of taking a 10 minute walk to Wholefoods to get outselves some more food for the week. Our walk was just a little wet! Luckily we quickly got our shopping and headed back to the apartment to warm up! Wednesday evening we had an email to saw our tour to the Manoa Falls, had been cancelled due to the high winds and rainful! So we will see what happens over the next couple of days. 
Thursday came around and the weather was still hideous! We had hoped to go climb the Diamond Head crater, but due to the high winds and torrential downpours we sadly decided the paths, and the idea of walking in ehavy rain was not one for us! So we had the morning inside again. Once the rain had cleared at aroun 11am we headed out to the shops nearby our apartment, and looked round the shops for little gifts and generally browsing, we then decided we would grab some lunch, so headed to the cheesecake factory for a very yummy lunch! After lunch we walked via the beach back to the apartment, where we had a quiet afternoon, before our tour to the Monoa Tour on Friday. 
We headed to the meeting point for 8am, where we headed just out of Waikiki to the Monoa falls, through the forests, which our tour guide Sky, told us were the areas in which big films like Jurrassiac park were filmed! The tour began by a walk through the forests, which were amazing, as there was so many different types of trees and places, but little mammals due to the location of Hawaii, which makes the area, so amazing!. The tour took us many steps, which due to the previous days rain, were rather wet and muddy, but this was a well worthy tour. The falls itself was incredible, its a very popular attraction as there were many people around the end of the falls. After a few hours in the jungle, seeing the falls, we headed back to the minibus, which took us back to Waikiki. Once we had been dropped off we headed to grab some food for the afternoon, before getting ourselves ready, as Saturday we have our flight at 2.40pm, where we fly from Honolulu into Auckland. So next time we update, we shall have moved twice, as we have decided to rent an apartment for 5 days, as a hostel is no ideal, for us being able to work! We are very much looking forward to the next chapter of our adventure, but for now Aloha! 
