Wednesday was a long day as we were travelling from Dunedin to Invercargill, which alone is 2 hour 30 minutes. We got packed up and on the road by 9.15am, we then made the first leg of the journey which wan 1 hour 30 minutes to Nugget Point, where we stopped for photos and a short 10 minute walk to the lighthouse, and to view the nugget rocks. After Nugget point we headed back on the road and travelled a further 45 minute journey to Jack Blowhole, which was nestled a 20 minute walk from the car park, the walk was a variety of uphill and downhill tracks, once at the blowhole, we were slightly disappointed as we had hoped for spouts of water being blown up, but unfortunately it just seemed that sea water, got into the rock area and was just not doing much else, so sadly a little disappointing. We then stopped for a quick bite to eat by Jacks Bay before heading back on the road for a short 30 minute drive where we arrived at Purakanui Falls, which was a short 10 minute drive to the falls, which were great to see even if it was not at it most fullest, due to the time of year! After Purakanui Falls, we drove a short 20 minutes and we went to our final stop which was Koropuku falls, which was a falls, Matt and I found out about via the local news, as two old men found the falls and created a safe path to the falls. Once we walked through the bush, which looked so untouched and arrived at the falls it had such a great feeling that is was not known about and therefore we were the only visitors there, which made it feel so magical. After taking a few photos we headed back to the car and drove the remaining hour to our accommodation in Invercargill. Once at the accommodation, which was very different as we enter the house via the bathroom! We dropped our bags off and headed off to the shops to buy food for the week. Once back from the shops we had dinner before heading to bed ready for the next day!

Thursday was a day just Ivona and I would be going out, we had plans to head to the town and to a nearby beach. When we both got up it was rather chilly, so we slowly got ourselves ready and were out the door by about 9.30am. We headed first into the town of Invercargill, which to be honest was a little bland, there was not much about so we decided to park up and go for a walk around the town, as we had read there was a few things that are worth visiting. We first began by having a short walk through a large department store which the car park we had parked in was attached to, once we had a browse we headed on to Oreti park, where we went to look at the St Mary's Basilca, and then went on to Queen's garden where we visited the Water tower, whilst by the Queen's garden we walked around and visited the Aviary, nature corner and rose gardens, which were probably one of the best parts of the town! After the lovely stroll through the Queen gardens, we made our way back to the car and drove back to the house, where we grabbed some lunch. After lunch we headed back out to Oreti beach, which was a large beach, where vehicles were able to drive on. We had a lovely stroll in the sun before heading back to the car and onto a place known as Demolition World, which was basically a worn down area of buildings, to be honest it was not that great and felt if anything very eerie. After Demolition World, we headed back to the house as tomorrow we have a very long day at the Milford Sound.

Today was a rather early start, as we were making the very long 3 hour 30 minute journey to the Milford Sound. We headed out the door by 5.15am, to be at the Milford Cruise Information Centre to check in before 9.10am, for our Nature encounter cruise with Southern Discoveries. The tour would take us round the Milford Sound, and be given an in depth talk on the nature surrounding the sound. Our journey for the first couple of hours felt quite long, as it was still very dark, so felt like you were not getting anywhere! After the first 2 hours were done, Matt and I swapped to share the driving, once I was driving the sunrise was soon present and therefore the outline of the beautiful mountains around looked incredible, as we drove closer to the Milford sound, it was incredible seeing the peaks around us. After the long 3 hour 30 minute drive we finally arrived at the Southern Discovery Centre, where we checked in with about 20 minutes before boarding. Although the sun was out it was literally below 10 C which we have not been used too! From the car park we took a few photos of the sound, which was incredible to see the mountains reflection  in the water. Once boarding came around we headed onto the boat, and the cruise began, and we were taken all around the sounds, stopping every so often to be given in depth information into the history and nature of the sound. We were taken all the way to the Tasman sea, before heading back in to the sound. The falls were incredible, but if we were here in the winter the falls would look incredible! Whilst on our cruise we got to see a small pod of dolphins leaping in and out of the water, which was great to see on our return to the ferry terminal. The tour also gave us the opportunity to get up close to the falls and even try the glacier water! 
Once back to the car, we planned to stop at The Chasm track, Monkey Creek, Pops view lookout,Knobs Flat,Mirror Lake and Eglinton Valley. We committed to every stop, which made the getting up at 4am well worth it! Every place we visited, it was incredible, the mirror lakes was certainly my favourite! After stopping off at the many stops we continued on home, and were home by 4.30pm. We decided due to all being so tired from the long day we would grab something easy to cook, once dinner was sorted, we all had an early night after being very tired. 

The weekend is already here and today Ivona and I headed on a coastal drive, stopping off at various beaches and bays. Unfortunately although the sun was partly out, the rain decided to pay a visit whilst we may our way to our first stop being Mc Crackers Rest, which was a great lookout point over the beach. After a quick stop we continued on to Gemstone beach, which like its name all the coloured pebbles on the sand looked like Gemstones and was lovely to look at, although the wind was pretty strong by the sea! After Gemstone beach, we continue on to Monkey Island, which was a little beach with a rocky island on, unfortunately due to the tide being in we were unable to get onto the island, without getting our feet wet! From Monkey Island we headed onto Cosy Nook, which is a little cove sheltering fishing boats and holiday homes. From Cosy Nook we headed to Colac Bay, which although was windy we braved a lovely little walk by the Colac Beach. After a lovely walk by the beach in Colac Bay we headed onto our last stop being Riverton Harbour, which was a lovely little town, where the harbours nestled some lovely sailing boats. After taking a few photos we headed to the shops before heading back to Invercargill to grab some Ice cream. Once back in Invercargill, Ivona and I decided to also do a 3.8km walk, which was a short 5 minute drive from the house, which was a walk around Stead Scenic reserve and seeing a lagoon. We have slightly changed our plans for tomorrow, as we had a cruise booked, but the cruise did not include getting to the island where the cruise would start at, therefore we had to change our plans meaning we would begin earlier than the tour was going to be. 

Sunday was a trip out day, we headed out the door by 8.45am, which is quite early for a Sunday but a day on Stewart Island will be worth it! Luckily only a 25 minute journey and we were at Bluff ferry terminal where we were catching the 9.45am Ferry over to Stewart island. After the 1 hour ferry over to Stewart island, we began our trek over a small part of the island, which was beautiful as the sun was out and there sea and sand were just amazing! The only downside with stewart island is there are many of hills, which is pretty tiring on our legs! After a couple of hours walking we headed to a little bay where we stopped for lunch. After lunch we walked for another couple of hours before heading back to the ferry terminal ready for the 3.30pm ferry. We managed a very long 13km walk today, so we are all very tired, luckily tomorrow is moving day so a slightly easier day! We are off to Queenstown tomorrow so very exciting times!  
