Wow so Mexico has proved to be truely amazing with all the Mayan history and beautiful underground wonders. SO our next stop is Isla Mujeres; Spanish for "Women Island" is an island in the Gulf of Mexico, about 13 kilometres (8.1 mi) off the Yucatán Peninsula coast. We are on the island for 4 days, we got the ferry from Peurto Jaurez ferry terminal where we got the ferry from Cancun to Isla Mujeres, to our suprise this was ridiciously busy as many locals from the maintain take day trips tot he isalnd due to the flexibility of the ferries. Once we had the short 20 minute boat ride to the island we went to Bahia Chic Chia which was literlly a 5 minute walk from the ferry terminal, meaning our room view was just fantastic. 
The best thing about this island is the most common mode of transport is golf buggys or mopeds!! It was great but we decided not to hire one as we prefer using our feet! So the first evening we headed to the only vegan/vegetarian resturant which was nestled within the small streets just a 20 minute walk from the hotel. The portions were massive but in the heat over here of an average 30C has been quite a struggle in wanting to eat much!! 
So Sunday was our only tour for our whole stay in Isla Mujeres, which was a snorkelling tour. The did not begin until 2pm so it meant we had plenty of time to relax before our snorkling. Once 1.30pm came round we decided to go to the base of Mexico divers, but unfortunately we were told to come back in 40 minutes! We made the decision to go and explore some of the streets of Isla Mujeres whilst we wait, even though the heat was pretty intense! Whilst on our walk  we found the ISla Mujere statue, which was great to see with its back drop of the beautiful gulf of mexico. The time came to ehad back to the Mexico Divers base, where we were greeted with our tour guide, who sadly didnt speak much english, and we were yet again the only two on the tour! We headed to the boat where we set off to the great locations to experience the snorkling in the MExico Gulf, Nikki did not parcipitate in the snirkelling due to nerves but still got to see some of the fish from the boat. 
Once we finished our tour we headed back to the hotel where we spent the afternoon relaxing before heading out for a takeaway. WE spent monday on the beach at Playa Norte,where we spent all of 2 hours before we decided to head back. Being sat by the sea was incredible the water was so warm and clear it was amazing! 
So our final day in Isla Mujeres has come upon us, and sadly we had to head back to Cancun where we were being picked up to head to The Courtyard Marriott Hotel just 5 miles from Cancun Airport ready for our flight on Thursday to MExico City. Next time we update we shall be in mexico city, where we are booked into an apartment in Mexico City, currently looking at the weather for mexico city, we may be ending up ditching the sun screen for the rain coats but time will tell.
