Monday soon came around, and after a few busy days, today we were setting off to Sydney. From Rotorua we drove a short 40 minutes and stopped off at Putaruru Springs, which was a short 15 minute walk from the car. After a short walk we soon reached the beautiful clear water of the Springs, although the little biting bugs were very much about! After a further 100 metres we had reached the blue springs pond, which was the main part of the Springs. Whilst by the main part, we saw a black swan, majestically gliding through the clear waters. After admiring the beautiful springs, we headed back to the car and continued our journey towards Auckland airport. We drove 2 hours and then made a stop at Hunua Falls, which Matt and I had visited back in January. After a short stop we headed to the Car rental place, to drop our hire car off before catching our 4.15 flight to Sydney. Once at the airport, we only had a short 1 hour 30 minute to get to the gate for our flight. Once on the plane we were soon on the way to Sydney, and arrived in Sydney by 6pm. Being in a completely new city i always hard to find your bearings, but we finally got to the house by 7.30pm. After grabbing some food from the shops, we all headed for an early night ready for a busy few days before we head back to the UK. 

Tuesday was soon here and today we headed to the Botanical Gardens and Mrs Macquaries viewing point, where we saw the great views of the Sydney Harbour Bridge, and Opera House. After the great photo opportunity at the viewing point we headed to the Opera House, before making our way back through the house for some lunch, before a few of us headed back out and went looking for a souvenir shop. After a long 20 minute walk we found a lovely gift shop in the centre of the city at a Westfield shopping mall. After we did some shopping we made our way back to the house before another early night, as the time difference has messed with our body clocks! 
Tuesday evening after a wonderful day viewing the botanical gardens and the beautiful views of the harbour bridge, we came in and had a quiet evening. Whilst having a quiet afternoon, we noticed we had a wonderful view of the city at night from one of the bedrooms in our Airbnb, which was lovely to see! 

Wednesday was soon around and today we had our harbour bridge climb, which was kindly brought for Matt and I by Matt’s parents. The tour was at 10.45am, so we decided to take public transport to the harbour bridge, and what seems to be like most places whilst we have been away, you always need some sort of public transport card to get around anywhere, which seems weird when you are sometimes only in a town/city for at most 5 days! We got a train, which was a Metro, and the trains were all double deckers which was very different to what we are used to! Once we arrived at the Sydney Harbour, we were shocked to see a massive cruise ship in the harbour, which swallowed most of the harbour up, we were just hoping our views were not going to be spoilt by the cruise ship! As we walked from the station, the weather started to turn a little and luckily we were a short 5 minute walk from the harbour bridge climb building, so we got in before we got too soaked, as we didn't go out with rain jackets as it was only forcast for a sunny day! Once in, we got signed in and looked around the gift shop, before heading off to get kitted out for our harbour bridge climb, which in total was too take about 3 hours! The first hour was solely just safety checks and getting into harnesses and going through the safety procedure of getting up and down all the ladders safely, whilst being attached, After our safety briefing we soon began our climb, which begun by walking below the motorway, and then making our way up the steep ladders to begin the main climb over the main arches of the bridge, the hardest bit was actually the ladders and getting to the arches, as some parts of the climb were low. Our guide Sam was great, as he gave so much history into Sydney and the Bridge itself, which was a great asset to the climb. We unfortunately were not allowed to take any personal cameras due to the potential hazard of them being dropped on the below highway, therefore the only photos were those taken by our tour guide, which were great, although whilst having some of our photos the sun was in our eyes which made having nice photos being taken a little hard! As someone who thought they would be petrified of the height of the harbour bridge, it turns out due to the huge importance of the safety briefing at the start I felt totally comfortable on our climb. 
Once the climb was over we got our certificates and photos and souvenirs and then headed for some lunch at by this point it was gone 2pm and we were all very hungry! We headed to Westfields shopping mall which had a huge food court to choose from. Once there we found a great burger restaurant where we grabbed some food before heading back to the house. 

Thursday was soon here, and after a lot of walking yesterday, we decided to grab an Uber to Bondi beach, which to be honest was the only sensible way of getting there! We headed to Bondi, just after lunch as we grabbed lunch in a lovely organic/vegan cafe just a short 5 minute walk from the house, so we all went for lunch before heading to Bondi beach. Once at the beach, we had a lovely walk on the beach before grabbing an ice cream from Ben and Jerry's and a little shopping, before heading back so we could get packed as today is the last full day we at in Sydney. 

Today is the last day in Sydney but sadly the majority will be spent at the airport as we have to check out of our house by 11am, and the flight to Abu Dhabi is not until 20.55pm, so unfortunately we have a rather long day, but the wait will be worth it once we are all back in the UK by midday on Saturday! The flights were a long 14 hour and a 7 hour flight, with only a short 2 hour layover, but we will all be glad to have a quiet couple of days over Easter before getting back to work for Matt's family and I will get myself ready to pop back to Suffolk the following week, once I sorted a few bits out in Thatcham. 

We are now all back in the UK and Matt and I have had an amazing experience these past 9 months, visitings many places on the way and then spending a good 7 months in New Zealand, meeting many awesome people and creating incredible memories along the way. I must say though, our photos literally don't do New Zealand or anywhere we went justice! I'm pretty sure I am speaking on behalf of us both saying we have loved every minute of our trip, but we are very happy to be back and able to enjoy these next few weeks settling back in to UK life. We would just like to say; we hope everyone has enjoyed reading our blog, and sorry for a few late posts, but unfortunately we have been very busy and so we hope you have enjoyed following us along our incredible journey! Lots of Love Nikki and Matt xxxx
