After a lovely few days in Waiheke Island, it was time to move onto our next trip which was to sunny Australia! Wednesday Morning began with the last bit of packing before we made our way to the Ferry terminal. We were very kindly offered a car ride to the ferry terminal by our host Ray, on the way to the ferry terminal he showed us round some of the island we had not seen and gave us ideas of places to visit when we return to Waiheke in April. After a lovely tour we were dropped off at the Ferry terminal by 10.15 am, therefore the next available ferry was a short 15 minute wait, before heading back to Auckland. Once back in Auckland we caught an Uber to the airport. Our driver unfortunately managed to drop us off at the Domestic terminal rather than the International, but luckily a free shuttle bus was available to quickly rectify the slight issue. Once we arrived at the Auckland Internal terminal, we tried to see if we could check in but unfortunately we had a rather late flight 7.15pm, and were unable to drop our bags until 3.30pm and it was currently 12pm, therefore we grabbed some food and then managed to drop our bags off which was alot easier. Once the bags were dropped and through the security we had a wander and the time to board soon came around. We arrived in Melbourne 9.20pm, and once we had caught an Uber to our accomadation we headed straight to bed as it has been a very long day! 

Last night was suprisingly cool, which was very nice, the City was a bit of different to the green surroundings we have been used to for the past 4+ months. This morning we headed out of the apartment to go do a quick shop for the next few days. Once we did the shop, we decided to stay in and go out after lunch, to save money and also miss the work commuters. After a quiet morning, we headed out at 1pm to explore the city, we went to see the Emporium Shopping Mall, which was a huge shopping mall with lots of high end boutique shops, not the type of place we can afford whilst travelling thats for sure! We then headed to AC/DC Lane where there was some of Melbournes iconic Graffiti Walls, we decided due to the heat and the large size of the city, we chose to only see the one lane today. After the beautiful art work in AC/DC lane we headed on to Federation Square, which is a large venue for arts, culture and public events, it was an amazing piece of architecture. From Federation square we made our way back to the apartment as at a very warm 38C we were pretty much melting! This evening we will stay in the apartment and just cook a meal as we have a stove and hob which is very handy! 

Last night was still an amazing 27C+, and so it was a little warm in the apartment, and then this morning we were both woken by the blinds banging against the window as the wind was blowing by. Today we headed out at 11am to Queen Victoria Market, which is a short 20 minute walk. The market its self was very large area but although its an all day market there was not many stalls about, and the stalls which were about were all the same clothing, australian souvenirs and the odd green grocer stand, because it was a very hot 38C the market was very hot, we had a quick browse, before making our way to Loving Hut a small vegan eatery a short 5 minute walk from the market, where we had a lovely meal before making our way back to the apartment. We are heading back out this evening at 6pm to a Live chat show-Achievement Hunter Live, which is a 30 minute tram ride at the Palais Theatre, so it will be a change to be out in the evening and see what the city is like in the evening and hopefully it may be slightly cooler! This will be our first time navigating the trams here in the city, so it shall be a fun new experience. 

The chat show last night was at the Palais Theatre which was right by St Kilda beach, so was lovely to see a beach whilst in Melbourne, although it was very breezy by the beach! The Show was good, but we were both pretty tired by the time it finished at 11pm as our body clocks are working 2 hours ahead. 

Saturday was a slightly cooler day, which was very nice, we headed out at 10.30am and made our way to the Royal Botanical gardens, which was a long 44 minute walk, but we were able to walk by the Yarra River which was lovely and luckily under the shade of the trees. Once we were there it was lovely to wander along the shaded paths of the gardens and see all the various types of plants around the gardens. We then made our way to the Eureka Tower, which was a tall 300 metre building, which we were able to reach the sky deck and see the city from up high! On the way to the tower we stumbled across crowds of people and what we didnt realise was today was Australian day, therefore the city was celebrating through the streets with colorful parades! After the skydeck tower we made our way back to Collins Street where we are staying and stopped for lunch at Smoothme cafe, for a lovely bagel and juice for lunch. We then made our way back to the apartment for the rest of the afternoon. Today is sadly our last full day in Melbourne as we are off to Tasmania tomorrow, luckily our flight is at lunchtime so we shall be in our new accomadation within a good time, to hopefully explore some of Hobart tomorrow afternoon. Tonight is an early night as we will have to be up in good time tomorrow, ready to get taxi to the airport. 
