Its amazing going from one airport to another within the same country how easy it is to get through the airline security! So we have arrived in Mexico City early afternoon on Thursday. Once we had collected our bags we found our Uber for a cheap £6.50 for a 30 minute journey! We seemed to have hit a busy period of Mexico City getting to the apartment in La Condensa - just outsdie the main city, but once we finally got there, we were met by the doorman for the AirBnB, who led up into a courtyard and up 3 flights of stair - blimey this was hard work with our 15kg backpacks on our back, plus our rucksacks too! Once we got to the top we got into the apartment and its great, it has everything you could ever need, a kitchen, living area, nice bedroom and bathroom! This apartment has got everything we could need and more! We made sure one of our main priorities was to get some washing done as there was a washing machine for us to use! Before we decided to do any washing we headed to find the nearest supermarket, so we could make ourselves something for dinner, luckily a quick 10 minute walk and we were at the supermarket, where we brought everything we would need for our stay at the apartment including breakfasts and enought food for a few nights meals.
So Friday has come around and our plan for the day was to have a steady morning, doing lots of washing and then at 1pm we headed out for lunch at a nearby Vegan resturant called U.to.pia which has a few great options, like vegan pizza and hot dogs! Once we had some lunch we headed back to the apartment as we have planned to go see the Lucha Libre at Arena MExico. We decided to walk tot he arena which took about 30 minutes to walk. Although we arrived to the Arena an hour early the buzz in the air was great, once inside the atmosphere was electric there was so much buzz, whilst watching the wrestlers in there bright costumes, flip and tumble throughout the air to one and other! We left the arena in a buzz with how great the show was! We then called for a Uber to take us back to our apartment.
Saturday we made our way to Bosque de Chapultepec, which is the main park in Mexico City. Here we walked around the park which was lovely, before heading to the Museo Nacional de Antropología, to see all Mayan history. Once we spent a few hours exploring the amazing sights within the museum we headed back to the park where we walked round a lake in the middle of the park before heading for lunch at a great Vegan Taco shop, and it was so yummy!! These were the best cultural food we have since being in Mexico, once full of Tacos, we headed back to the apartmetn where we will make use of the kitchen and make something before sunday comes round.
Sunday we had a very chilled out day, we decided as Monday is going to be quite a long day we decided we shall just go out for lunch and then come back to the apartment as monday we have got to get to the Main city to the Fine Arts Centre which is a 40 minute car journey for 8am! Mondays tour is to the Teotihuacan Pyramids UNESCO World Heritage Site, where we get to see the Sun and Moon Pyramids!
An early start to the day, to get the the Palace of fine Arts, where we met our tour guide, Leon, who took us from the Fine Arts centre to the cable bus, where to headed on our journey to the Teotihuacan Pyramids. Once the short journey on the cable bus had terminated at the bus station we got onto a bus to take us startight to the site. Once on the bus the journey was a good 1 hour long. Once we arrived we quickly began our tour as the site was getting busier by the minute, as everyone wants to get there before the suns heat is at its warmth, as we were shown around the heritage site, it was sadly slightly disappointing in the fact that all the pyramids had been reconstructed, in order to make the site more appealing for tourists, in order for them to be able to clime the pyramids. Our guide Leon was great about the depth of knowledge regarding the pyrmids and the history behind the pyramids. We first visited the Palace of the Jaguars, before making the first climb of the day up the Moon Pyramids, which was amazing but left us pretty breathless due to the altitude. We then made our way back down the Moon Pyamid and walked by the Avenue of the Dead man, before reaching the Sun Pyramid, which we were able to reach the very top!! The views were amazing, but as i said earlier unfortunately due to the recontruction they did not have the same feel to when we vistied the Chichen Itza Ruins in Cancun. 

So Today was our last full day in Mexico City as tomorrow - Tuesday we have our flight to San Franciso!! San Franciso is going to be a busy one with 3 tours booked and a very long list of places we are hoping to see!! So watch this space for further photos and information of our adventure!!  
