The bags are packed and ready too go, the hardest thing about going away is always saying the Goodbye to the family. We set off in good time to Gatwick due to our flight time was in the evening of Friday 17th at 9pm. Once at the airport the realisation of our world travels actually began to set in. We arrived in JFK New York at 12.05am, where we then made our way to our Air BnB, via UBER which was just as we expected.

As we got in to late on Saturday morning we slept what we could - due to our body clockks a little off track!! And made a early start to our First day in Brooklyn also being my birthday we had a lovley day ahead of us in the lovely 30C heat! We started the day by catching the Metro to Brooklyn Bridge, where we went to see the Brooklyn and Manhattan bridge. We then moved on by heading to the Metro and got the Metro to 7th Avenue where to went to Maddison Square to have a spot of Lunch at Cinnamon Swirl a great Vegan diner, which filled us up for our walk towards Central Park walking by Times Square. When we got to Central park we headed to Bethesda Terrace, we had previously visited here but there was so much pop-up entertainment here, we decided this was a great place to relax before heading for a walk around Central Park before heading back to the flat before heading out in the evening to Wrestling. One of our main reasons for coming to Brooklyn was to see WWE NXT TAKEOVER Brooklyn, so after a day out exploring Manhattan, we headed to the Barclay Centre where we went to watch WWE NXT Takeover Brooklyn. This was a great show and was great to be there in person rather than watch the show on TV. 

Onto Sunday and we headed for a walk to Williamsberg where we wanted to head to a couple of Vegan resturants which have been highly recommened online. Sadly it was raining a bit so the weather was not the greatest to be walking in, but it was lovely to be outside in the slightly cooler weather than Saturday. When we got to Williamsberg we headed into Mccarren Park, which would of been a great spot to sit in the Sunshine but the rain put a little dampener on that one! As we wandered past the Sunday Baseball players in the Park, dodging any ball which looked like they were heading our way, Nikki noticed a Starbucks just across the street from Park and was straight in there as all she wants is a Cup of Tea!! Once Nikki had a tea in her hand, we headed out in the still pouring rain and headed round the streets looking at various shops. We then heading towards the Vegan Pizza Shop - Screamer's Pizza, which had pizza the size of our heads to lunch!! Once we were fuelled up on Pizza we headed back to the Flat where enroute home we stopped by Dunwell Doughnuts for some Yummy Doughnuts, THese look and taste amazing!! So next time we update we shall be in Playa Del Carman- where we shall be here for 5 days.   
