So the weekend of the Road trip has come upon us! Saturday 5th was the day we headed from our AirBnB in St Johns to the City, to pick up our hire car for the next 2 weeks! We chose to use EziCar Rentals, as they were a good price for a vehicle and insurance, the car itself is a very nice brand new Toyota Corolla, so a nice economical car for a long road trip! Saturday was a day of then just heading back to the house, to get packed ready to leave 10am Sunday Morning. 

Sunday came around and after an early start to get the house tidied before the owner came to meet us for 10am, we set off on our trip. Our drive to the Northland, started off with a quick stop at the supermarket for the next few days worth of food. Once the shop was done we began the lovely drive by St Heliers and Mission Bay, we chose not to stop at every beach going, as we would not get very far as there are so many and because the weather is great everyone wants to be at the beach so parking would of been an issue! From Mission bay we drove through the City of Auckland and out the otherside towards Shakespeare National Park which was our first stop of the day. The national park had a beautiful beach and parkland. Due to the heat, we just had a lovely stroll on the beach and then made our way to a little waterfall within the national park before heading on to our motel, where we will be for the night before another day of travelling tomorrow! 

Monday was soon upon us and after a lovely night in the Motel in Orewa, we made our way further North at 9am to our first stop of the morning which was Wenderholm Regional Park, where we had a lovely hours walk, which consisted of alot of steps going uphill! Lets say we certainly burnt a few calories this morning! After our lovely walk we made our way to Omaha Beach and by the time we got there the sun was very warm! We had a lovely walk by the sea and headed our way back to the car. By the time we were back at the car it was getting close to Lunch time, because our next motel had limited cooking facilities we decided to have something out for lunch, we chose Pitapit(very similar to a subway), once we were full we made our way to the Motel in Wellsford. Unfortunately our journey from where we stopped for lunch and our motel, was very delayed due to an accident which therefore ended up delaying us for nearly 2 hours! Luckily the bonus of having a newer car is the Air conditioning is great. Once we finally got to the Motel we spent the late afternoon and evening catching an early night ready for further adventures tomorrow!

After a not-so-great nights sleep due to the heat-sadly no air conditioning, we packed up and made our way to Mangawhai Heads beach, which was a short 30 minute journey. Once we were there is was very clear this was a typical surf beach with what looked like more surf boards than people! The Mangawhai heads were just of the beach within the water, they looked very pretty amongst the blue sea. We took a walk up the Whangarei Heads Cliff walk which was just a very high point in which you could see for miles. We then made our move towards our next accomadation which is in Whangarei, which is a large town, the hotel we are staying at is just outside the town. We made our way to Whangarei Falls, which is actually just a 5 minute drive from the town, once we parked up we made our way to the edge of the viewing point which was absolutely stunning, we were shocked on how large the falls was, due to its close location to the town. We made our way down some steps where we had a view from the bottom of the falls which was amazing! Once we had admired the falls we made our way back to the car and made our way to the Hotel, where we aim to get an early night, as we are very tired today! 

Tuesday Evening at our Hotel was a bit of a warm one, due to the lack of Air conditioning. Wednesday was another day of further travelling up the Northland, we left our accomadation at 10am and made the 1 hour journey to Opua Forest, where we went for a lovely 40 minute walk, very much uphill to a beautiful lookout over the Bay of Islands, luckily even though it was 25C+ we managed to keep in the shade on our walk to the look out. Once we took in the beautiful views we made our way back down and headed to the edge of the bay, where we looked out onto the bay from sea level, it was beautiful but very busy! After a short walk around we headed back to the car where we made a short journey to Haruru Falls which was a lovely waterfall, which was slightly smaller than Tuesdays waterfall but was great to be able to pretty much stand at the top of the falls. From the water fall we made our way to the shops where we picked up a couple of items for the next few days, and especialy as the place we are in tonight at the Woodlands motel has no cooking facilities, luckily due to the heat a salad is always a good meal! Tomorrow is the last big drive before reaching our place where we will be staying for 2 nights, which is just below Cape Reinga, so we will have a break from the packing and unpacking for a day! 
