So after an awesome day on Friday, we ended the day with a Pizza hut! After having some food we spent the evening in. Saturday Morning was soon upon us and we made our way out of the B&B and on the road by 10am. We had a long 1 hour journey ahead of us back down south. Once we finally arrived after a very windy journey, we made our first stop of the day which was Wairere Boulders, which to be honest niether Matt or I knew exactly what this was! It turns out it was a paid trail around a selection of boulders. The trial was a 1hour trail, walking on various surfaces including climbing over some boulders! The walk was mainly in the shade of the folage all around, which was lovely as the heat was hard work. The trial was great as there was a lovely water pool and also a lookout which was great to see all the different sizes of boulders. Unfortunately on the way down from the lookout, Nikki managed to not pick up her feet and had a little fall where she just tweaked her ankle! This was still a good 40 minute walk to the car, but luckily Nikki managed to get up and keep on going! Once we got back to the car we then made the long 1 hour 30 journey to Tane Mahuta in the Waipoua Forest. Once we arrived we made the short walk to the large tree and take a few photos before making our way to our next accomadation for the next two days which is on the west coast near to Dargaville. We are taking the weekend a little steady as all the driving and moving around has got to us! 

After a lovely nights sleep at the lovely Pavillion which was an entire home to ourselves, which made a change to the past week of hotels. We had a late get up, mainly because we wanted to have a slightly laid back day on Sunday due to the large amount of driving and moving around we have done in the last week. Once up, we made our way to Dargaville where we popped to the shops and then a quick visit to Glinks Gully, which was a lovely beach, although the sea was pretty wild - apparently this is the normal for this part of the beach. We only briefly stayed at the beach, and had a little walk before heading back to the house. We then made use of the rest of the day to chill out as we have another long journey Monday, moving down to our next accomadation. 
