Tuesday Evening at Pembrooke Motor lodge was a bit of a warm one, due to the lack of Air conditioning. Wednesday was another day of further travelling up the Northland, we left our accommodation and made the 1 hour journey to Opua Forest, where we went for a lovely 40 minute walk, very much uphill to a beautiful lookout over the Bay of Islands, luckily even though it was 25C+ we managed to keep in the shade on our walk. Once we took in the beautiful views we made our way back down and headed to the edge of the bay, where we looked out onto the bay from sea level, it was beautiful but very busy! After a short walk around we headed back to the car where we made a short journey to Haruru Falls which was a lovely waterfall, which was slightly smaller than Tuesdays waterfall but was great to be able to pretty much stand at the top of the falls. From the waterfall we made our way to the shops where we picked up a couple of items for the next few days, and especially as the place we are in tonight at the Woodlands motel has no cooking facilities, luckily due to the heat a salad is always a good meal! Tomorrow is the last big drive before reaching our place where we will be staying for 2 nights, which is just below Cape Reinga, so we will have a break from the packing and unpacking for a day! 

After a lovely nights sleep at Woodlands Motel, we made our way to Rainbow Falls which was a short 10 minute drive from the Motel. When we arrived we made our way through the reserve where you could already hear the water fall. Once we reached our first viewing point we could take in the beautiful waterfall, it was amazing to see the 'rainbow' part of the falls! We made our way round to the second viewing point and then on to getting up close to the top of the falls which was amazing. Once we took in the top of the falls we made our way down to the bottom of the falls. After taking in the waterfall we headed towards Whangaroa Harbour, which was a very long 1 hour drive and the views were incredible. We parked up to take in the harbour before making our way to the St Pauls scenic reserve which was a 600 metre summit. Thurday was another hot day like most of the week and the 600metre summit climb was a very steep climb, but was truly worth it, once we reached the top. Once we admired the views we steadily made our way back down the steep climb which was pretty scary at times, but once back down we headed onto the next accommodation, which is where we will be staying for the next two days. Another long day tomorrow as we made our way to the very Northern point of New Zealand.

Can't believe its Friday already! We have nearly been travelling for a whole week! But what a week it has been! So after a bit of a disappointment regarding our accomodation for the next two nights, and little internet strength, we had an early start as the drive up to Cape Reinga was 1hour 30 minutes from the hotel. We managed to leave at dead on 8.30am meaning we would arrive at 10am or near abouts-*you may be wondering why we decided to head up so early. Well we were advised that if get up there early you will miss the tour buses therefore parking will be easier as well as the turn of the tide due to the two oceans(Tasman & Pacific) meeting.* The roads up there were very bendy but was lovely to have a very scenic drive. Once we arrived we walked to the very northern point of New Zealand and the lighthouse which was lovely to see, as well as the beautiful blue sea behind it. Once we admired the sights we made our way to a higher viewing point, before making our way to the Giant Sand dunes, which until we arrived in Cape Reinga we were unsure if you were going to be able to get near the Dunes as it was advised online you would be driving through a stream to get there, but luckily this was only if you wanted to get right down to the beach, rather than the Dunes themselves, so this really made our day even more special as to think tiny New Zealand could have such large sand dunes was incredible. We decided against body boarding down the dunes only because it was close to 30C and climbing up the large dunes in that heat would not of been pleasant! All in all our day in Cape Reinga has been great and we can truly understand why people say it is a must do! Since we have now reached our furthest point, we will be moving off tomorrow and making our way back towards the City, heading back down on the West Coast, so more exciting times ahead.
