So after a great few days in Brooklyn New York our next stop was in Playa Del Carmen Mexico. When planning this trip we went to STA travel to book a couple of tours as neither of us have ever been to Mexico before, therefore we decided the best and cheapest way was to book tours through STA travel - the two tours were 4 day trips to playa del carmen - seeing the Chichen Itza and also the Mayan UNderworld, where we would see the cenotes, which is Mexicos river system, which runs underground and also Isla Mujeres. 

So on Monday our journey began by catching a flight from Brooklyn to Cancun Airport. ONce in Cancun and through security we caught a shuttle bus to our hotel in Playa Del Carmen. We stayed here for one night before moving onto our accomation which was booked throught STA travel for our tours in Playa del Carmen. The accomadation was at Hostel Playa del Spot - unfortunately there was little air con and lots of noise. On Wedneday after a very long sleepness night, we had a tour through Amigo Tours, which took us to the Chicen Itza site, where our tour guide Pablo was amazing! His knowlege for the Mayan history and the various temples that we saw, was incredible. The day was so influential and full of interesting facts about the Mayan lifestyle from back then to now. 

The archaeological pyramids are so special in every way each pyramid has such a great story behind it. Was was incredible is when we stood close to the Temple of Kukulkan the sound of a clap was portrayed back as a amazing high pitch sound, something that in the Mayan culutre was always thought of being the Bird. Whilst on the tour we also saw the Stone Carvings, Temple of the Jaguars, Temple fo the Warriors.

The tour ended with a lunch on the bus home. Once we were back from our tour we made the decision to change our accomdation as unfortuneatley the hostel was not ideally suited to us, we therefore found an air bnb just round the corner from our hostel. We made use of the Air BnB's kitchen and cooked food for ourselves to save extra money for the trips ahead. 

On Thursdyas we headed to the Mayan underworld. This tour was not so early as the previous days tour, we meet our guide at 8am at a local cafe and to our suprise we were the only ones on the tour with Pako. Pako was great, he explained his background and his love of his job, teaching and letting tourists like ourselves see the wonders of Mexicos water system the Cenote Caves underground. 
The tour was great, we were walking through the darkness of the caves, which just head lamps and just seeing the lime stone, coral and calcium from the rain water was increadible, the sound of the limestone is increading due to being so hollow. The tour took us into the many hidden cenotes. THe caves were another major part within the Mayan culture and to hear Pako talk about the finds he has discovered when he found the caves in the heart of the Jungle, its incredible. 

So its been a week since we left the UK and my goodness have we seen some amazing sights, Friday has been another day of moving onto a new location, this time we are stopping at Cancun Comfort Inn near CanCun airport, before Saturday where we head to Isla Mujeres to explore the island. 
