Sunday was an early start to the ferry terminal which turned out to be a very chatty journey in the Uber. Once at the ferry terminal we checked our bags in and made our way onto the Interislander ferry, which was a very large 10 levels, even though 5 of those were for cars, it was very hard to find a spare seat as it seemed everyone was on the ferry early to grab a seat! We managed to find a lovely family lounge on level 7 where we got a couple of armchairs which were comfy enough for a good half an hour sleep, to make the time go by a little faster as we had a long 3 hour journey. Once we were a couple of hours in we decided to make our way onto the viewing deck on level 10 to see the beautiful Marlborough Sounds, which were truly breathtaking! If this is only the start of the South Island, this is going to be simply awesome! Once we arrived at Picton Ferry Terminal, we made our way off the ferry and made our way to the luggage belt, we noticed the Apex Rental car kiosk was also right by the Luggage belt therefore Matt went to the kiosk and I waited by the luggage belt for our backpacks to come. Once we finally got both the luggage and the keys to our Toyota Corolla for the next 24 days, we found the car and made the 2 hour drive to our accommodation for the next 10 days, which was a lovely flat about a garage of someones large house. Before arriving at the house we stopped off at the shops which is a short 5 minutes from the house and collected something for dinner before heading to bed as we were both very tired! 

Monday was around and we had a quiet morning and headed to the shops to do a shop for food for the next 5 days. After we collected the food we spent the rest of the day resting, as the next 3 days are going to be very busy, as there is a lot of driving to get to everywhere we are wanting to see. We are very excited to explore the south island, even with the large amount of driving!

Tuesday was a 7am start and out the door by 8am to make the 2 hour journey to Pupu Hydro walkway. The drive was pretty much tight bends all the way as we were driving round many of the mountains! Once we arrived we began the walking track which took us on an 1 hour 50 minute walking track which pretty much was the full walking track. It was great to see how they collect the water and then pump in into the Hydro system to create electric for the local areas, New Zealand really is such a eco-friendly place! After the long very uphill walk round the Hydro walkway, we made a short 5 km drive to Waikoropupu Springs, which had a short 20 minute walkway, this was actually a lot more busier than the Hydro walkway, as it's such a well known place to visit in South Island. Once we started walking the track it was a short 10 minutes before we came to the platform which looked out over the beautiful springs, it was crazy to think this existed, it is truly beautiful! After we had taken many photos we made our way back to the car and had a quick bite to eat before heading back home. 

Wednesday we had a later start and headed out at 11am and took a short 15 minute drive to Nelson, which is a small town, we got to see the Cathedral and then walked round a few shops before grabbing some lunch, which we were able to sit under a lovely parasol to eat our lunch. After lunch we headed back to the car and headed home. It's currently very warm here in South Island, so trying to stay cool has been hard work! Tomorrow is again another day of walking, so lots of exciting things to come!
