Thursday was a 8am start, before a 2 hour drive to Lake Rotoiti, where we were going to walk the Whisky Fals track, which was a one way walk to the Falls. Once we arrived at the car park by the start of the walkway, we knew it was going to be a very hot day, but we were looking forward to seeing both the falls and the lake! We began our walk, and luckily the majority of the walk was under the cover of the trees, which was lovely, we headed further on to our walk, where we finally came to an opening in the trees which took us right to the edge of the Lake, which was beautiful as the lake mirrored the mountains around. After taking a few photos we continued on and headed over various terrains and crossed a few little streams, we finally made our way to the Whisky Falls in about 1hour 30 minutes. Once there we noticed some other walkers managed to climb onto some of the rocks to get a closer view of the pool below the pools and get a better angle of the falls, it was rather exciting climbing towards the falls and feeling the spray from the falls! After we got up close we took a few photos before getting closer to dryer land and then we stopped and perched on some rocks to grab some lunch before making our way back, unfortunately the track was only a one way track therefore we had to walk the exact route we walked back, so there was not much else to see, although we chose to stop at a Jetty on our route back which was lovely to picture! The whole route was a long 10km walk so a very long walk and luckily was not to uphill, as the heat was definitely against us! Afer walking for 3 hours we were back at the car and ready to head back home, to get showered and freshened up! Once home we rested up!

Friday was soon upon us and after our long walk yesterday, we actually were feeling good. We decided because of our long walk we would have a much quieter day and we just went to the supermarket to get another few days worth of shopping in. We had an early night as Saturday is another early start.

Saturday was a early start to catch a boat to Abel Tasman National park via Kaiteriteri. We were up at 6.30am to get up and ready to leave by 7.30am as we had a short 45 minute journey to Kaiteriteri, where many water taxis for the Abel National Park were stationed. We went to the help desk for Wilson watertaxi which was the company we were using to get from Kaiteriteri to Medlands beach which is halfway down the Abel Tasman Nation park, and we also had a return journey from Anchorage Bay back to Kaiteriteri. Our watertaxi was departing at 9.20am, so we would be at Medlands beach by 10.00am, on the way the watertaxi stopped by Split Apple Rock, which is approximately 135 million years old! We then went by many of the little bays and coves on our way to Medlands beach which was the starting point for our walk to Anchorage beach via the coastal track which is a 11km walk. Once off the boat, which gets right close to the beach and a extendable bridge comes from the boat onto the sand, we started a slight uphill climb through the trees of the abel tasman park. We kept to the track for a good 3km and then came across the Swing Bridge which crosses the Falls river which runs through the Abel Tasman, we continued on and came upon the halfway pool and then we came to Torrent Bay, which was our half way point. Torrent bay had two options, either the low or high tide track, we chose the high tide because we wanted to visit the well known Cleopatra Pool, which is a natural waterfall with a water slide but sadly this time of year there is not as much water as other seasons so the slide was not as good, we did not have a go as there was not as much water but it certainly looked like fun! Before heading off to the high tide track we stopped for lunch looking over torrent bay which unforunately had no water due to the tide and the warm season! After lunch we continued on and made our way to the Cleopatra pool which was a very steep climb, but worth all the walking. Once we got to the Cleopatra we were definitely feeling the heat and tiring quickly, luckily we only had another 2 km to go before we would arrive at Anchorage Bay where we would be getting picked up. We managed to get to the bay in good time and although we had a 5pm booking on a boat home we managed to catch the 2pm boat as we walked the who track in 4 hours which is great in this heat! Once on the boat we were very glad to nearly be back at the car. Once back at the car we made our way home and once home we showered and rested before grabbing a cheeky pizza, before a early night as we were both very tired as the walk was very hilly!

Sunday came around and we had a lovely lie in, today we are having a rest day and just popping out in the afternoon for a couple of bits from the shops. We only have a few days left before we move Wednesday to Christchurch, so we only have one more trip planned whilst we are here otherwise we are going to be planning for the rest of our trip. 

Monday was a quiet day as we have had a few busy days and we have a long drive on Wednesday, to Christchurch, so we just chilled at the apartment, and popped to the shops for a couple of treats before having an early night.

Tuesday was a day to taking another trip out, today we have a slow morning and headed out at 11am and made the long 2 hour journey to Wainui Falls and Tata Beach. We headed straight to the Falls which once we arrived at the carpark was a short 2 km walk to the falls, the walk followed the river which the falls ran into, unfortunately this time of year its not as full as other seaons but still a great pressure of water, which was exciting to see what was to come. The walk also took us over a swing bridge which over looked the Wainui River. Once we arrived at the falls, there were many people taking a swim in the pool below the falls, which looked great, but we prefer to just admire the falls! We managed to climb over a few rocks to admire the falls from the a great angle. Once we looked at the falls we headed back to the car and made our way to Tata beach, where we would stop for a bit of lunch, and then admire the beach before making our way back home, as tomorrow we are making the long 5 hour journey to Christchurch where we will be staying for the next 2 weeks.
