After a few very busy days, moving from Cromwell to Christchurch, which was about a 500km drive, which if driven in one gp, would take about 10 hours, we dedicded to split it up and it still felt very long! After getting the Christchurch, we decided to have a quiet/rest day before our flight on Wednesday to Auckland. Due to the recent terror attack in Christchurch, the airport was on high security checks, but after dropping our hire car off and getting through security, we were soon on our 3.00pm flight to Auckland. After a short flight we arrived in Auckland, and had to get another hire car before driving 3 hours to Rotorua where we are going to be for the next 6 days. We finally arrived at our AirBnB which was a 5 bedroom house, which was on the mountain side looking over the town of Rotorua. We unfortunately arrived late so we quickly grabbed some food before an early night. 

Thursday we had a booked ticket to Te Puia Village, which is a tourist attraction which has a Maori Village, natural Geysers and a Kiwi enclosure. We also had a entry pass to the Maori Cultural experience, where we got to watch a traditional welcoming ceremony, fighting and the Haka. Which we were then able to take part in learning the Haka and dance. THe experience was amazing to see what the Maori Culture is like, it was well worth the money, especially as we were able to keep out the rain! After the experience we headed out and decided to make our own way around the rest of the park seeing the Geysers and Mud pools and hot pools and ovens. The smell around Rotorua, smells very strongly of Sulphur, lets say you need to have a strong nose to live here! After walking about the park to see the Geysers, we headed to see the Kiwi house and the weaving and carving school which were great to see the detail into how the Maori do this. After a great experience at Te Puia, we headed to Central Mall, where there were many of shops including a Countdown. We went food shopping as we didnt have time to do one Wednesday evening. Once we had done a shop, we headed home and rested for the rest of the afternoon. 

Friday was soon around and after a nice lie in we headed to Mount Ngongotaha, where it looked like you could drive the majority of the mountain. On the drive up it seemed you could drive a majority of the way but then you had to walk a further 3km, which we had not dressed for, therefore we decided to head to the shopping Mall for bath salts, as we finally have a couple of houses now that have a bath, so want to make the most of it, unfortunately we could not find our prefered brand in Rotorua therefore we will wait until we are in Auckland and go to a shop we know stocks them, so the rest of the day was a quiet day. We have a long couple of days over the weekend to try and squeeze lots into the weekend, fingers crossed the weather is kind to us!
