After a great few days in Auckland, we had to leave our lovely accomadation at Birkenhead, where we would wake to the Tui bird calling, and head on to our next destination which was Rotorua. We all managed to leave the house by 8.45am. Once on the road we made the 2 hour journey to the movie set of the Hobbiton. Once we arrived we grabbed a quick drink before our tour began at 12pm. The tour began by hopping on a bus and being given a guided tour to the Hobbiton set. The bus journey was a short 10 minute drive, once we arrived the rain sadly did fall rather heavily but the tour and the surroundings were incredible! We learnt so much on our tour, and we all got to get up close to many of the little hobbit doors, which most of them were only about 4ft tall! Whilst on the tour we got to go inside the Green Dragon Inn, which is from the film, and get a glass of ginger beer. After lovely drink, we got to see many more of the hobbit doors, before our tour sadly came to an end, and even though the rain did pour the tour was still great, and we would highly recommend anyone who goes to New Zealand to visit as its great fun for anyone! After a great trip, we made the 1 hour journey to our accomadation which was a 4 bedroom house, in Rotorua. Once we arrived we all got unpacked and settled in. We decided to have dinner out, so we headed up the road to a resturant called Burger Fuel which is an upmarket burger resturant. After dinner we went food shopping for the time whilst we are in Rotorua. Once we were home we all had a quiet evening before a busy next few days.    

Friday was soon here and today we headed to Okere falls which was short 30 minute drive from the house, the falls were close to the car park, but a walkway led us to, two further water falls nestled amoungst the bush, each falls was amazing, and the pressure made it perfect for white water rafting which we actually got to see a couple of boats come down on of the falls! After a lovely 50 minute walk, we headed to Wai-O-Tapu, which was a geothermal park. The park was made up of over 20 different geothermal pools, we decided to visit everyone listed on our map, the walk was a 3km trip, but some of the colours of the pools were out of this world! Whilst walking round the geothermal park, the rain decided to pour but we managed to stay as dry as possible. We managed to get back to the start, not getting to wet, the views on the way were, great. After a great time in the park, we all headed to the gift shop, before heading to the car for some lunch. After lunch we made our way to Keresone Creek, which was a short 10 minute drive from the geothermal aprk, once there we followed the track which lead us to  stream and waterfall both of which were geothermal therefore was hot water, I decided to take a paddle, but sadly due to not seeing the bottom meant footing was limited, I therefore fell onto my front in the water, sadly my phone and passport and cars were in my pockets, but luckily because i got up so quickly everything seems in working order! I can say though the water was a lovely temperature and had I brought me swimsuit along I could of definitely got in by the waterfall! After an eventful end of the day, we headed home for a quiet evening, as everyone was pretty tired from the long day of walks. 

Saturday was soon around and today Matt and I went off to walk the Tongariro Crossing which is a 19.4km walk over the summit of a mountain, which is a well known thing to do whilst in New Zealand and we had previously tried to do this before Matts family had joined us but sadly we only were able to park in a 4 hour car parking, which meant we could not complete to walk which on average takes 6 hours. Today we were up at 4.30am to be out the door by 5.00am, as we were required to be at the car parking for our bus shuttle by 7.00am and the drive to Tongariro was 2 hours! After the early start we arrived at the car park for the shuttle bus by 7am and we were soon on our way to the start of the crossing, and we began the walk by 7.50am, the walk lead us through the valley floor heading up towards the start of the incline on the mountain. By 10am we were at the same spot as we had been when we first tried to do the walk, but sadly today we have to deal with 50-70kph winds and snow and ice, so was not an ideal match for mountain climbing but luckily once we managed to pass the highest point it did get easier, and the views were great! The whole walk took us 5 hours 40 minutes and after the wind and cold weather, we were glad to get back to the lower part of the track and into the sun! We got back to the car by just gone 1.30pm, so once we had eaten some lunch we made our way home, once home we quickly got the other hire car and dropped the hire car off, before a quiet evening as we are very tired from our walk. Matts family had a visit to Te Puia, which is where Matt and I learnt the Haka, so they had a lovely day doing that whilst we walked miles! 

