Tuesday was an early start and we headed to the Airport for 11am for our flight at 3pm. The travel to the airport was certainly less busy, than the journey when we arrived in Mexico City. Once at the airport we soon got through the normal and were on the flight to Los Angeles Airport as our flight was a non direct flight therefore we headed to LAX airport before taking another flight to San Franciso, which we arrvied at 9pm, so quite late but luckily as we had already gone through customs in Los Angeles we were able to literally pick up our bags and head to catch an uber to our Hotel. Luckily as San Freanciso is well known for the Uber it wasnt long before we were on our way to the Hotel which was a short 20 minute journey to the hotel and straight to bed as having two flights completely knackered us both out, along with the change in time zones! And Wednesday was an early start as we were up at 6.30am for a tour. 
Wednesday began nice and early and once we had our complimentary breakfast which came with our room; which was good enough for fuel for the day! We made our way to the Alcatraz Tour, which was located at Pier 33. There was a long queue for the ferry across to the island but luckily, we were on the 9.10am ferry. Once across the island we got ourselves a brochure and headed round the island where we saw the remains of the Prision. Once we reached the main cells, we had a handset tour, which was incredible to hear about all the various rooms in the prision and the history behind it all. We came away from the tour amazing by the informaiton provided. We had finished the tour by arund 11am, so we caught the next available ferry and headed back the the mainland, where we decided to explore, Pier 39, Little Italy, China Town and Union Square before heading for some lunch on the way to the hotel. We then went out a bit later for dinner at the Westfield Shopping Centre for a Vegan Chinese Buffet, which was lovely. We ended the day with an early day as we had a VERY early start for our second tour!
THe Alarm buzzed at 4.45am for us to be awake ready to be out the hotel and round the block to another hotel for our Yosmite Tour Pickup for 5.40am, once on the bus we spent the next 2 hours catching as much sleep as we could, even though sleeping was hard when you are literally been shaken all over the place, by the bus! Luckily we stopped about half way at a place called Oakdale, where we got to get off the bus for about 25 minutes for a quick breakfast stop, we had been very organised and brought our own breakfast, but we got a few extra bits whilst we were there! On the road we went another 2 hours before we arrived at the first destination of our tour being the Sequoia National Park, where we stopped for an hour and a half to walka round the huge Sequoias. Our next stop was the breathtaking Yosmite Park, where we stopped at the Yosmite Park Lodge for lunch and to walk around before making our way back to San Francisio. Our Guide Ben was fantastic, he had such a wide range of knowledge off all the national parks near by and although there were some places where images would of been great, he made sure everyone could get some truely spectacular photos of the National Park including the Half Dome, El Capitan peaks. Whilst on our tour we got chatting to a few people and have made a few contacts for our further travels as we met a couple from Melbourne and a guy named Bryan from Christchurch, we are hoping to keep in contact, as they may be very helpful, whilst we are in New Zealand and Australia. The day in Yosmite ended about 3.30 where we headed off back to San Francisco, on the way back wwe stopped off at a few of the best photo opportunities advised by Ben, and boy they were good! We then headed on for 2 hours where we made a stop off in Oakdale for something for dinner before being dropped back in San Francisco at our Hotel at 8pm. 
Friday morning, was luckily not, such an early start as Thursday, but we headed off to Union Square where we were being picked up for our final booked tour which was to the Muir Woods and Sausalito town. The tour began by a 1 hour drive to the Muir Woods national park, where our tour guide/ bus driver John was full of knowledge on not just the Woods, but the history behind most places in San Francisco, which was great to hear, even though we both felt very tired from yesterdays long day! ONce in Muir Woods we were given an hour and a half to walk round to woods, which was great as the sun was shining through the top 0f the 300ft trees. When we first stepped into the woods the smell was so fresh, it was jsut out of this world! We decided to follow a 2 mile route which took us round the majority of the woods and round a slight hill side, every step was jsut so picteresque. Once we had walked through the woods we headed through the gift shop and back to the bus where we then had a 30 minute bus journey to the wealthy bay side town Sausalito, which we had brought a ferry ticket, so we ended our tour here and made our own way back to the Main Land. We stopped on Sausalito and ate our lunch by the bay, before taking a walk around the town before catching a ferry over the the Ferry Terminal, where we wanted to visit. Once we looked around the Ferry Terminal we headed by Westfields to look around the shops before heading back to the hotel as all this travelling is finally catching up on us both! Tomorrow we have plans to head to Fishermans Wharf, and onto Lombard Street before visiting Golden Gate Park and the Japenese Tea GArden, and hoping the mist is going to raise enough to get a great photo of the Golden Gate Bridge, as today on the Ferry back from Sausalito, we saw Golden Gate Bridge but sadly the mist was keeping it well hidden, so fingers crossed the mist is kind to us tomorrow!!
