Monday was a day for Matt to catch up on work, so we didn't really do anything. Tuesday we headed out at 10am and went to the South side of Christchurch where we headed to Christchurch Gondola. We thought to price was a bit expensive but the views from the top, were well worth every pound! We were amazed to see a few snowy topped mountains even in the Summer! After spending over an hour up the Gondola we headed back to the house.

Wednesday was a day to go do grocery shopping and a day for Matt to get ahead with work. Thursday was a bit of a cold day, so we decided to head to Christchurch to visit the Botanical Gardens and also the Quake museum. After the 40 minute drive in to Christchurch we first stopped off at Northlands Shopping Mall which was very big! We headed there as Matt was after some more shower gel, after looking round the Mall, we headed back to the car and made our way to the Botanical Gardens, we walked through the Botanical Gardens and headed towards to City where we headed to the Quake Museum, which was regarding the 2010 earthquake which destroyed the whole city. The Museum although was $20 each, was quite short, but touched you, by the lives the natural disaster caused. To think a normal day, could end so badly, is unbelievable, it makes you realise how lucky we are in the UK! After an  emotional viewing of the museum we headed for lunch at Portshed, which was a quirky vegan cafe which, had some great options for lunch, we even took away a sweet treat for a snack later on in the day! After a great day in the City we headed back to the house.

Friday was a day for Matt to work. Saturday was soon around and we headed to Akaroa, which is a 1 hour 45 minute journey. The drive took us round Christchurch and further south. On the way to Akaroa, the views we saw were amazing, the water with the mountains was just amazing. Once we arrived we parked up at the Grand Hotel carpark, which was a free car park, and made our way on a walk which Nikki chose, lets just say it was a very steep walk, even if the description says steady climb! We did a 2 hour return track, which took us to a viewing point by Tree Crop Farm, before making our way back down to the little French seaside town Akaroa. Once we returned to the town we browsed the little French town, and there was a lovely little farmers market which was lovely to look around, we also found a lovely bakery which had lovely french sticks, so we decided to grab one for lunch along with a garlic clove to make garlic bread, once we were back home. After walking along the seafront we headed back to the car before making the 1 hour 45 minute journey back home. The walk was lovely and the views were amazing, although the steep hill climbs was hard working!   

Sunday we had a slow morning, as we were to meet with Jabyn at 12pm. We left the house at 11.30am and arrived at Jaybn's by just after 12, once at Jabyns house we headed off to Governors Bay which was a short 10 minute drive from Jabyns house. Once there we parked up and headed for a 1 hours walk along the bay, which on a beautiful sunny day was amazing. After the walk, we headed back towards the car and stopped for something to eat at a Chocolate shop, which had some great chocolate desserts and drinks! After some lovely sweet treats we headed back to the city and then went our separate ways from Jabyn and headed back to the house for the day.

Monday and Tuesday have been days of getting ready to move on Wednesday, as Wednesday we are flying over to Auckland briefly to attend an Arctic Monkeys concert at the Spark arena, which means we are spending the night in Auckland, before returning to Christchurch on Thursday where we are joining Nikki's friend Ivona for the next 16 days. Jabyn has kindly agreed to look after our large backpacks and any food we have whilst we are away, which saves having to travel with our large bags to Auckland and back. 
