Wednesday was a early start as we were packing up today and making our way from Richmond down south to Swannanoa which is just a few miles north of Christchurch. The drive was a long 4hour 30 minute journey, but luckily the scenery was quite nice, although the tight corners were not much fun! We left at 9pm and arrived at Swallows Nest our accomadation for the next 2 weeks which was set in a beautiful gardens, by 2.30pm. Once at the house we unpacked and sat down to have some lunch before having a quiet afternoon/evening. 

Thursday was had a quiet day as we were still quiet tired from the long drive, so we just made our way to Rangiora a short 13km drive where we went to the shops to do a weekly foodshop. We also took a stroll through the shops to see what was about as Matt was after a Barbers and I require a beauty salon, which we found, so we decided to head back Monday to go to our required shops! After our visit to the Rangiora we headed back home and had a chilled rest of the day.

Friday was soon around and we made our way to New Brighton, which was a short 30 minute drive, luckily the weather was lvoely as sadly the pier and beach, were not what we expected but it was still nice to get a bit of sea air before heading to countdown to buy a couple of bug repellents as unfortunately we had been inundated with many bugs in the house due to the warm weather! After we brought the bug repellents we headed to Travis Wetland Nature Heritage, where we hada short 30 minute walk round the walkways, but it was very hot and the paths were very open so there was not much shelter from the sun. After a walk round the Wetland, we headed back home, and after the sea air we both required a nap! Anyone would think we were in our 50s! We spent the rest of the evening resting and planning further plans for our trip.

Saturday was soon upon us and today we were planning on taking a trip to Akaroa + Ngaio, which was a 1hour 45minute car journey there, but once Nikki's alarm went off at 7am, she was not feeling 100% and was pretty tired, therefore we decided to have a quiet morning and head to Bottle Lake Forest Park for a little walk Saturday afternoon, which was lovely but we were hoping to see a lake, but we found out the forest park got its name from a lake which was present in the 1880s! The walk round the pine trees was still nice but we didnt understand the tracks as there was so many and it turned out we ended up walking down a cycle track, where cyclists are mountain biking therefore travelling pretty quickly! After we got ourselves back to the car we headed back home in time for dinner, then headed to bed. 

Sunday was upon us as the weather has been very warm and overnight we had the first bit of rain for a while, which was lovely but meant the tempertature was alot colder! Today we are heading to Christchurch to meet up with Jabyn, and go for lunch at Burgerfuel and head to Godley Heads, which was a very wet and windy walk, but the views was lovely. After a lovely walk we headed back through the City, which was very busy, but amazing to see the City since the terrible Earthquakes. After a drive through the City we headed back to Jabyns before we headed off and made our way back home.

Monday was a day for Matt to catch up on work, so we didnt really do anything. Tuesday we headed out at 10am and went to the South side of Christchurch where we headed to Christchurch Gondala. We thought to price was a bit expensive but the views from the top, were well worth every pound! We were amazed to see a few snowy topped mountains even in the Summer! After spending over an hour up the Gondala we headed back to the house.

Wednesday was a day to go do grocery shopping and a day for Matt to get ahead with work. Thursday was a bit of a cold day, so we decided to head to Christchurch to visit the Botanical Gardens and also the Quake musuem. After the 40 minute drive in to Chrsitchurch we first stopped off at Northlands Shopping Mall which was very big! We headed there as Matt was after some more shower gel, after looking round the Mall, we headed back to the car and made our way to the Botanical Gardens, we walked through the Botanical Gardens and headed towards to City where we headed to the Quake Musuem, which was regarding the 2010 earthquake which destroyed the whole city. The Musuem although was $20 each, was quite short, but touched you, by the lives the natural disaster caused. To think a normal day, could end so badly, is unbeliveable, it makes you realise how lucky we are in the UK! After an  emotional viewing of the musuem we headed for lunch at Portshed, which was a quirky vegan cafe which, had some great options for lunch, we even took away a sweet treat for a snack later on in the day! After a great day in the City we headed back to the house.
