After a great time in Melbourne, Sunday was another day of moving on, today we were heading to Melbourne Airport to fly to Tasmania where we are staying for the next 3 nights. Luckily as it was a domestic flight we didnt need to get to the airport too early prior to the flight, and we were checked in and bags dropped by just after 10am, therefore leaving us with over 2 hours before we were to board. The flight itself was a short 1 hour journey. Once we arrived to we made our way to our lovely accomadation-The Quarry House Luxury retreat for the next 3 nights. Once unpacked we made our way to the nearest shops which was a 20 minute walk. After coming back from the shops, we spent the rest of the afternoon resting as we were pretty tired from the flight. 

Monday was already upon us and we had a lovely nights sleep at our new apartment, today we woke early and headed to the sand coloured building of Salamanca, which is well known for it 300+ market stalls held every saturday. So sadly we missed out on this! But to see the street was great and you can tell there is so much history within each building, from Salamanca we headed to Battery point, before steadily making our way back to the apartment, via the harbour, as we are watching the wrestling today, so another chilled day, as tomorrow we have a whole day tour which is for 11 hours!

Tuesday began with an early start, as we were first to be picked up for our tour with Tasmania Tours, we were one of 11 people on the tour. We met some lovely people from various corners of the world, and a few from the UK! After a short 40 minute journey we stopped in New Norfolk, where we made our way to a little coffe/bakery shop for a little stop, before heading a further 30 minute journey to Mount Field National park, where we stopped for 2 hours to walk round the national park and visit the Russell water fall, Horseshoe waterfall and the tall trees park. Whilst walking round Nick our tour guide gave us amazing information about the folage and the wildlife around us. As we were walking we saw a couple of Pademelon's which look like a cross between a wallaby and a rat! It was great to see a couple in the wild! Once on our way back to the minibus, we were advised by the park rangers we were unable to stay in the national park, as the wildfires are causing a lot of issues, and therefore they needed to close the whole park to protect the national park from fires where possible. Once back at the minibus Nick took us to a little fruitfarm where we stopped for lunch, and we actually brought a punnet of fruit which was delicious. Once we had a 45 minute lunch break, we headed back onto the minibus and onto our next stop which was Bonorong Wildlife park, which was a long 1 hour drive from the raspberry farm. Once at Bonorong wildlife park, we both were amazed at the park, as there work was incredible, they provide a 24/7 wildlife service, hospital and seabird rehabilitation. The team at Bonorong, care and rehabilitate each animal, until they are well enough to cope back out in the wild. Whilst at the wildlife park, we got to go on a tour with the rangers who let us get close to a Tasmanian devil, koalas, and Wambats. After the tour we got to look round the rest of the park where there was over 100 kanagroos which you could go feed and pet, it was incredible to be up close with these magnificent animals! After a wonderful 1 hour 30 minutes at the park we heaed onto the last stop of the day which was Mount Wellington summit, where we were able to drive right to the summit, which was great apart from the smoke mist which covered the views! After a truely long day, we made it back to our apartment at 6.30pm, where we made dinner, and then packed as we have a lovely 6am flight in the morning an early night is in order!
