Monday evening we were hoping to head to the Redwood treetop walk, but sadly the weather was against us, so we are hoping to do this when we return to Rotorua in 10 days time. We had the rest of the evening, getting ourselves ready to move out and head to Tauranga tomorrow.

Tuesday was already here and we left just after 10am, and made our way to Tauranga shopping Mall, where we found a shop which stocks our favourite bath salts 'Dr Teals.' Whilst in the mall we stopped for lunch at Pita Pit which is a bit like a subway. After lunch we had a look around the shops, before heading off to Tairua, which is near the Coromandel. We chose to revisit the motel we previously stayed at in late January, as we enjoyed the location and the views over the bay. Once we arrived we had a quiet evening, seeing the sunset before heading to bed. 

Wednesday we woke up to sadly more rain! We hoped that we had seen the last of the rain but sadly it seems to be following us! We had planned to climb to Mount Paku Summit which is a short 5 minute drive from the Motel, but we postpone this until the rain cleared, so we instead had a quiet morning, and then headed out after lunch. The climb was very steep, but once at the top the views were great, if only there was a little sunshine then it would of been incredible! After the steep walk up we headed back down the summit to the car and back to the house for the rest of the afternoon, so Matt was able to work. Tomorrow we move back to Auckland, we are going to be based just North of Auckland in Birkenhead, in the accommodation we have booked for when Matt's family join us on Monday! We are looking forward to heading back to the City where it all began, we plan to do a few things around Auckland, but mainly we will just be getting ready for when the family join us. 

Thursday morning we didn't wake up too early, as we had no rush to get to the city, so we headed out the door by 9am, and we headed straight to Ponsonby, which is nearby Auckland city, as we wanted to grab lunch at 'The butcher's son' which is a great vegan restaurant we found, when we were staying closer to the city when we first arrived in New Zealand. Whilst in Ponsonby we also headed to a little shop, where I had found a lovely little dress, for a couple of fixtures we are attending once we are home, so we went in and came out with the dress! Once a little food and shopping had been done, we stopped at the supermarket for a few bits we need and then made the short 15 minute drive to Birkenhead, where we were staying at Wildferns lodge, which is a lovely 4 bedroom house nestled at the end of a quiet cul-de-sac, which sits on the edge of a new zealand bush. Once in we explored the huge house, and once settled in we grabbed some food before having a quiet rest of the day. 

Friday we popped out to grab any extra bits of food we needed until Monday, when Matt's family are joining us. Once we done the food shop which was conveniently only a short 5 minute drive from the house. Once back we did some much needed washing and had a lazy day.

Over the weekend we will just be having a quiet weekend, as Matt has work to get on with, before we spend the next couple of weeks being out every day. We will meet Matt's family at the airport on Monday at a very early 7am. So we will be leaving the house at 6am, to get to the car rental place for 6.40am as we currently have a car, which we need to return and then once we meet up with Matt's family, we will head back to the car rental place, which is a short shuttle bus away from the terminals, and then pick up our 8 seater vehicle before heading back to the house, and letting everyone get settled in. 
