Today was a very early start, as we were up at 3.00am for our 6.00am flight to Wellington. Our first flight was to Melbourne from Tasmania, before a connecting flight from Melbourne to Wellington. After the two flights we finally arrived in Wellington at 3.30pm. The day felt very long and we were both very tired after the incredibly early start, from the airport we got an Uber to our accomadation for the next 12 days, which was an Airbnb in Newtown, Wellington. Once we were unpacked we made our way to the shops to buy enough for the evening meal and breakfast before we had a very early night as we were both very tired. 

Thursday we went out and brought food for the next 7 days, which was a nice feeling as we had not done this sort of shop in a while due to all the moving about we have been doing in the last month. After the shops we had a quiet day, as Matt wanted to do some work, so we are spending Thursday and Friday not doing too much, and then spending the rest of our time in Wellington enjoying the city and all that it surrounds. 

Friday we decided to take a walk to Warehouse which is similar to the Range in the UK, and we went to pick up some oven gloves as it seems no accomodation has any, and we also picked up a chromecast, so we could watch some films and various tv shows in our free time. After we had purchased our items we headed back towards to house and stopped for lunch at Burgerfuel, before heading back to the flat. Tomorrow we have an early start as we are off to hire a car and head a bit further out the City. 

The weekend is already here and today was an early start as we had a car to collect for 9am. To get to the bargain car hire it was a 30 minute walk. After we collected the car we headed to Otari Falls and Wiltons Bush which was a short 15 minute drive from the city, once we arrived we walked a Circular route round the national park, which took about 30 minutes, before heading on to Korokoro dam, which is a manmade waterfall, which was obviously impressive, but was not the same as a natural waterfall. We then headed on to Percy waterfall which is a short 15 minute walk, which was within a lovely national park. Once at the national park we made our way to the waterfall which was tucked away through the park, which was wonderful. After taking in the lovely waterfall we headed back to the car and had our lunch, before taking the car back and having a rest as the walks were very uphill! 

Sunday was already around and we popped to the shops and brought a few treats before having a quiet day, planning the rest of our time in Wellington. 

Monday was soon around and it was an early start, as we were going to Weta Cave, which is where some of the well known films have been created! We caught the bus from Newtown where we are staying to Weta Cave, and headed to the studios where we got a complimentary documentary of the history of the studios and then a 50 minute tour through the studios seeing the amazing costumes and techniques used in multimillion pound films. After the tour we made our way back to the apartment and spent the afternoon resting. The tour itself was great but we felt there could of been more available to see.

Tuesday was around and we caught the number 1 bus from a few minute walk from the apartment and headed to Te Papa musuem which is the museum of New Zealand. This was a short 20 minute journey before we arrived and made our way to the musuem, as like most musuems this was free entry, so we could walk around and learn about New Zealands history. The musuem was great and it was great to see the huge 2 metre tall, life-like war statues which were actually created at the Weta studios! After the musuem we made our way to Mount Victoria summit which was a steep climb but once up there was well worth the views over Wellington although it was very windy! After taking in the beautiful scenery we headed back down and on our way back down we were met with a slide which was the way down part of the mountain which was great fun! We had hoped this went all the way down! After we enjoyed our inner child down the slide we headed back towards the apartment only making a quick stop at a fish and chip stops for some chips! We then headed home to eat our chips before having a quiet evening.

Wednesday was a day of rest as climbing Mount victoria was pretty tiring, so we decided to use today to book the remainder of our trip, so its now a nice feeling that we have everything booked until we leave now! 

Thursday we had a trip on the 18e bus to Zealandia which is a ecosanctuary to all the native wildlife in New Zealand. We decided to go after lunch so we can make sure we eat all the food we have with us before moving to the south island on Sunday! We got to Zealandia at 13.30pm so once there we got our tickets and headed round the footpaths, hearing and seeing lots of native birds which was great to see! We unfortunately did not see any of the Kiwis but we are hoping to see some further on our trip. After spending over an hour at the Sanctuary we made our way back home for the evening and plan tomorrows trip.

Friday was going to be the last day we went out to visit the sights of Wellington, as we will use saturday to get tidied up before our early start on Sunday to move down south. We began our day out at 11am today and hoped to catch a bus to the city but unfortunately there was a strike therefore bus services were reduced and because we dont know the bus services that well we decided to catch an uber to the parliment buildings - Beehive. The area round the parliment buildings definitely makes you feel like you are in a big city, although its very different to the cities we have visitied like Melbourne and Auckland. After looking at the parlimentary building we made our way to the renowned attractions of Wellington, the Wellington Cable car, which hada  very long queue but was well worth the ride up the cable car to see the views from the top and to take a ride on the cable car. Once at the top we walked around the cable car musuem and then walked around the Botanical Gardens, which we pretty much made our own paths as the walkways were not easily sign posted! After our walk round the gardens we made our way back on the cable car back to the city and headed for some lunch, we stopped at two places for lunch as we went to a vegan cafe which served many types of vegan cakes and desserts, which we both had one each: Red velvet cake and Chocolate pie, with a drink, which were very yummy! We then went to Plant Based which is vegan fast food hut, which was very yummy but after having cake first we were very full! After lunch we headed back to the apartment, for the rest of the afternoon we shall plan our trip in south island, as there is some fires in Nelson which is along from Richmond where we shall be staying from Sunday for the next 10 days.       
