So its finally 2019! Its been a bit quiet since we last posted as we have been saving all our pennies ready for the next 4 months which are going to be pretty full on, im excited to post about it!

Being away for Christmas is certainly not the same, family means the world to us both and not being surronding by our loved ones at Christmas is hard, especailly when its also 20C, and we are not able to be in our winter cosys! 

So enough with how much we missed everyone at Christmas and on with what we have been up to since we last posted! Sadly its not very exciting, so we have since moved from 3 different accomadations! During this time, on the 10th November, we visited the sweet little town of Ponsonby, which has beautiful buildings and a great vegan shop, pretty much one of the main reasons we made the trip there! Whilst in Ponsonby we made a trip to walk round a park which had a cricket field on and a very empty stream running by, but we did make friends with this little fella! I must say the birds over here are so pretty to look at, the colours on their feathers are amazing!

On the 18th November we made the trip to Parnell to a lovely Rose gardens, which was like a sea of colours and not to forget the amazing scent. I definately love a colourful rose! During both the trips in November we were still based close to the City, so this was great for Nikki's commute to work and also for convience of getting to the shops. 

From the 24th November we had booked accomadation a bit further out of the city in a lovely 4 bed apartment at Eden Terrace which was above a music studio! This place was lovely in the fact it had everything we needed and so much space, we felt very happy here! We met up with our friend Jabyn at a little cafe in Kingsland just a short 20 minute walk from the house which was great! We did not do much the other weekends apart from the odd grocery shop & chilling out!

We then made our next move to Morningside on the 8th December, where we were staying in a ground floor flat, which was lovely but when you go from a large apartment to a one bed a little different to say the least! The only bonus was we were a short 3 minute walk to St Lukes Shopping Mall, which was great as there was a great grocery store and a cinema so many different places for us to visit, during our time here we had a trip into the city to get packaging in order for us to post some items home for Christmas. Whilst in the city we saw this lovely fella! Nikki also managed to get in the Christmas Spirit at work, with putting up the lovely trees there! 

With Christmas coming round quickly we treated ourselves to a evening at the Spark Arena on a 11th December to see Kevin Hart, to watch his new Comedy tour, it was a great night and lovely to see something at the lovely Spark Arena!

Before we moved on the 23rd December, we spent the weekend prior to moving, going to climb Mount Eden, which although was a steep climb was an amazing view once we reached the top, and the photos just show how tiny the City of Auckland really is!

With Christmas only a couple of weeks away, we began preparing ourselves for our final move before Christmas which is actually close to Mission Bay so about 5km out of the City but to the East. We headed to Grey Lynn which is just outside the City to pop to The Vegan Shop, which we discovered when we were living closer to the city and here we brought our Vegan Christmas Dinner and a few extra treats! Nikki finished her job at the bank on the 21st December, so she now has a nice 2 week break before we get moving about agian! 

When we moved we had alot a stuff to move as we did our Christmas food shop prior to moving, as we didnt want to get caught up in a Christmas Rush! Turns out thats not the case here everyone just goes away! 

Christmas for us was having our Christmas Dinner and doing a 500 piece puzzle! which took us about 4 1/2 hours in total! The weather actually was beautiful for Christmas day, as prior to Christmas the weather had been raining none stop for 48 hours! New Years we spent in as because we are saving for the rest of our trip we decided it would be lovely to stay in and luckily because our accomadation is up high you could see the fireworks for miles! Although we missed the ones in the City, for us it would of been too busy and expensive to get a taxi to and from the apartment!

With the New Year already begun we have some exciting travels coming up, so over the next month we are travelling the Northen Point of the the North Island and then we are taking a trip to Waiheke Island which is a short 30 minute ferry ride off the Auckland Harbour. We will then be taking our first flight of the new year to Melbourne where we will be here for a few days and then off to Hobart-Tasmania for a few days, before taking a flight to Wellington, where we will be based for a couple of weeks before catching a ferry to the South Island.

So for us 2019 is an exciting times to spend travelling about New Zealand- in the beautiful summer, I hope everyone had a wonderful Christmas and New Year. Sending all our Love Nikki and Matt xxx
